[{"client": "360i LLC", "industry": "Media & Entertainment", "segment": "Commercial", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Amazon Web Services, Inc.", "intensity": 101.0, "score": 103667, "relationshipStrength": "Strong", "news": [{"Title": "The global infrastructure as a service market size at a CAGR of nearly 28% during the forecast period", "Text": "The global infrastructure as a service market size at a CAGR of nearly 28% during the forecast period [June 25, 2019] The global infrastructure as a service market size at a CAGR of nearly 28% during the forecast period\nNEW YORK , June 25, 2019 /PRNewswire/ Global Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) Market: About this market Read the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05786725/?utm_source=PRN IaaS provides virtualized computing resources, as a service, over the internet. Technavio's infrastructure as a service market considers the deployment of IaaS over public cloud, private cloud, and hybrid cloud. Our analysis also considers the growth of the market in APAC, Europe , MEA, North America , and South America. In 2018, the public cloud segment had a significant market share, and this trend is expected to continue over the forecast period. Factors such as the flexibility offered by public cloud services will play a significant role in the public cloud segment to maintain its market position. Also, our global IaaS market report looks at factors such as the increasing demand for low cost IT infrastructure, the emergence of colocation services as a hub for hybrid IaaS services, and increased cloud adoption across several industry verticals. However, security concerns related to the public cloud, network connectivity issues and latency, and compatibility issues between public and private clouds may hamper the growth of the IaaS industry. Market Overview Increased cloud adoption across several industry verticals The IaaS cloud odel is increasingly being adopted by government agencies to overcome numerous challenges faced while managing various types of data. IaaS model helps government organizations in optimizing their existing services and enables the addition of new services. Several vendors in the global infrastructure as a model market are developing customized solutions for government agencies. Moreover, the increased adoption of cloud services across industries such as BFSI, retail, healthcare, manufacturing, and telecommunication and IT is expected to drive the growth of the global infrastructure as a service market size at a CAGR of nearly 28% during the forecast period. Security concerns related to public cloud Despite the implementation of security services, public cloud services face data threats from hackers. This is expected to restrict the adoption of IaaS solution among organizations and hinder the growth of the market over the forecast period. For the detailed list of factors that will drive the global IaaS market size during the forecast period 2019 2023, click here. Competitive Landscape With the presence of a few players, the global infrastructure as a service market is fairly concentrated. Technavio's robust vendor analysis is designed to help clients improve their market position, and in line with this, this report provides a detailed analysis of several IaaS providers, that include Alibaba Cloud , Amazon Web Services Inc., Google LLC, IBM Corp., and Microsoft Corp. are some of the major companies covered in this report. Also, the infrastructure as a service market analysis report includes information on upcoming trends and challenges that will influence market growth. This is to help companies strategize and leverage on all forthcoming growth opportunities.About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need instantly, in one place.", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/06/25/8978657.htm"}, {"Title": "Microsoft targets videogame industry with new cloud development toolkit", "Text": "UPDATED 14:04 EST / MARCH 14 2019 CLOUD by Maria Deutscher SHARE\nMicrosoft Corp. is looking to capture a bigger slice of the $138 billion videogame industry with its Azure cloud platform.\nThe company today unveiled Game Stack, a suite of development tools specifically geared toward that market. The bundle combines services from Azure with other Microsoft products, including a heavily upgraded version of the PlayFab platform that the technology giant acquired last year.\nPlayFab provides a set of cloud based building blocks for developing online games. It includes tools for handling user account management and other essential tasks, as well as more specialized features such a leaderboard system that can keep track of player scores.\nMicrosoft has added five new services to PlayFab with the introduction of Game Stack, several of which use Azure. One is a tool called PlayFab Party that provides voice and chat features with automated translation powered by the cloud platform. Another service, Game Insights, uses the Azure Data Explorer analytics engine to help developers extract insights from data generated by players.\nThe three other new services address adjacent use cases. PlayFab can now support games that enable users to generate their own custom content, automatically organize multiplayer matches and handle content updates such as push notifications.\nMicrosoft's vision is to connect PlayFab with its more general purpose software development products into a cohesive, integrated toolkit under the Game Stack umbrella. That vision extends not just to the services on Azure but also to other offerings such as its Visual Studio code editor. The company has released a new plugin for the editor today that enables developers to directly access and update scripts hosted on PlayFab.\nGame Stack's one stop shop value proposition may help Microsoft gain an edge over rivals such as Amazon Web Services Inc. in this segment. Over the past few years, AWS has built out an extensive collection of game development services, including a specialized hosting platform geared toward supporting online playing experiences.\nGoogle LLC is also active in the videogame market. Last year, the search giant opened up Google Maps to developers working on titles in the style of Pokemon Go that require up to date geospatial data. The company is also working on a cloud based game streaming service that will compete with the one Microsoft is developing atop Azure. Photo: Michael Kappel/Flickr", "URL": "https://siliconangle.com/2019/03/14/microsoft-targets-game-industry-new-cloud-development-toolkit/"}, {"Title": "With Azure Sentinel, Microsoft seeks bigger slice of cybersecurity market", "Text": "UPDATED 12:36 EST / FEBRUARY 28 2019 SECURITY by Maria Deutscher SHARE\nMicrosoft Corp. today expanded its presence in the cybersecurity market with the introduction of Azure Sentinel, a cloud based threat detection service for enterprises.\nAzure Sentinel is what's known as a security information and event management platform, or SIEM for short. SIEM products enable companies to centrally analyze activity data from different systems to look for threats. Pooling the data this way makes it possible to find useful patterns, such if two separate systems start exhibiting suspicious activity at the same time.\nMicrosoft is positioning Azure Sentinel as a unified hub for tracking security events across an enterprise. The product can monitor not only Azure environments, but also rival clouds such as Amazon Web Services Inc. and a company's on premises infrastructure.\nThis cross platform support is facilitated by extensive set of integrations. Azure Sentinel can pull data from a long list of enterprise security tools and combine it with outside threat intelligence as well as Office 365 user logs. Over recent months, Microsoft has added several features to its productivity suite that enable companies to keep a lookout for potential misuse of sensitive documents.\nAzure Sentinel uses machine learning to processes security data. The platform's algorithms filter out unnecessary logs, correlate activity patterns across systems and condense the anomalous activity they come across into neatly organized alerts for administrators.\n\"These built in machine learning models are based on the learnings from the Microsoft security team over many years of defending our customer's cloud assets,\" Eliav Levi, project manager for Azure Sentinel, wrote on the Microsoft Azure blog. \"If you are a data scientist and you want to customize and enrich the detections then you can bring your own models to Azure Sentinel using the built in Azure Machine Learning service.\"\nIn addition to detecting potential breaches, the platform can automate parts of the threat response workflow. It's capable of performing tasks such as sending an email to administrators when the underlying machine learning models detect a high priority security event.\nMicrosoft has also added in tools for performing manual threat analysis. An incident investigation console enables administrators to visualize suspicious activity patterns and run queries to fetch relevant system data.\nAzure Sentinel is hardly the first cloud based SIEM offering, but according to Microsoft, it's the first to run natively on a major cloud infrastructure as a service platform. That's quite significant given the fierce competition in this market. The introduction of the service may lead rivals AWS and Google LLC, which have also been investing in new security features , to launch competing offerings.\nAzure Sentinel debuted today alongside another new security offering called Threat Experts. It lets companies send security data from their infrastructure to Microsoft, which promises to flag potential breaches and provide diagnostics information for corporate customers' internal network protection teams.\n\"Through this service, Microsoft will proactively hunt over your anonymized security data for the most important threats, such as human adversary intrusions, hands on keyboard attacks, and advanced attacks like cyberespionage \u2014 helping your team prioritize the most important risks and respond quickly,\" said Ann Johnson, the head of Microsoft's cybersecurity solutions group. Image: Image: TheDigitalArtist/Pixabay", "URL": "https://siliconangle.com/2019/02/28/azure-sentinel-microsoft-seeks-bigger-slice-cybersecurity-market/"}, {"Title": "Opinion: Why agency life can still be the best life", "Text": "Opinion: Why agency life can still be the best life 360i's Jared Belsky says shops afford great experience and shape culture By Jared Belsky. Published on March 21, 2019. Credit: Getty Images\nIf industry headlines and anonymous commentary are to be believed, job seekers should run for the hills rather than risk their sanity and professional fulfillment on the ad agency life. High turnover, ever shrinking margins, tough clients, inequality, lack of work life balance, transparency woes, offshoring of jobs, consolidation and clients taking business in house\u2014the list of gripes is long.\nBut dammit, there's so much good stuff here. This industry has things to work on, but by letting this negative narrative define us, we're admitting defeat, allowing some of our best and brightest to head for perceived greener pastures, and slowing the pipeline of incredible talent that sees marketing as a promising career option.\nEnough.\nThe fact is that the advertising industry offers opportunities that you'd be hard pressed to find anywhere else. I believe that if we continue to work hard to address the aforementioned issues, the true golden age of advertising still lies ahead of us.\nSo set your skepticism aside for the five minutes it will take you to read this note of optimism, and allow me to make the case for why we're fortunate to be part of the advertising agency life\u2014and why we should pledge to make it better, together. Leadership experience\nThere aren't many jobs out there where you can gain so much leadership experience or exposure to truly complex business challenges at such a young age. By age 27, it's entirely possible to be managing 10 plus people as a director. If you were working at a typical monster CPG company, at 27 you'd likely be managing one or two people, or perhaps even zero. In fact, I know some very talented brand directors in their late 30s who manage brands worth $500 million plus, yet manage only two people. Agencies provide an incredible chance to develop a hugely transferable skill: management. Access and innovation\nIn any given month, you could be meeting with the best and brightest of Facebook, Google, Verizon, Amazon, Pinterest, Microsoft, Hearst, Conde Nast, iHeartRadio and more. You likely have countless other publishers, data providers and creative solutions lining up to educate and partner with you. You may have the opportunity to attend conferences in exotic locations, which offer top tier learning environments alongside the enjoyment of a special locale. You have innovation labs and partners who make sure you hear about the latest in VR, AI and the cloud long before they're mainstream. You have the chance to be part of an industry that moves incredibly fast and reinvents itself frequently. At many agencies, you can ask your head of programmatic or your chief creative officer to lunch, and chances are they will say yes. (Try finding the CEO of Apple, Facebook or Amazon for an impromptu lunch\u2013it won't be quite as easy.) Cheap \"at bats\"\nAgency life is an incredible low risk training ground for future leadership roles. No other job prepares you as well for rapid multitasking, for prioritization, for persuasive communication, for effective writing or for storytelling. And at an agency, you get to practice them in relatively low stakes moments. You might get 20 to 30 at bats a year for big meetings or pitches, and the dirty truth is the world won't come to an end if you stumble through the fourth quarter campaign wrap up or you flub your big slide in a pitch. There are people to back you up, and you can always try again. In an environment like investment banking or consulting, you might not see your first high pressure at bat in front of clients for years. It's hard to practice something and get truly better without the opportunity to hone your craft. Cultural relevance\nI just came from a global conference with colleagues from nearly every country around the world, and I heard story after story about how advertising is influencing culture not just in the U.S., but globally. It's an opportunity not many industries outside of entertainment have. Advertising can reinforce social norms\u2013or shatter them. Whether it's Cheerios using a Super Bowl spot here in the U.S. to highlight an interracial family eating breakfast, or Heineken reminding people on different ends of the political spectrum of their commonalities, this industry presents us with the opportunity to impact popular culture and public opinion for the better. I don't think we're doing this quite enough yet. But at least we have the canvas and the creators to make that difference.\nAgency life is imperfect, yes, but let's be real: It's still pretty darn great. I don't know about you, but I'll choose to roll up my sleeves and tune out the haters. Most Popular", "URL": "https://adage.com/article/agency-news/opinion-agency-life-life/317008/"}, {"Title": "PS Lifestyle turns to the cloud for modernizing its hair salon business", "Text": "UPDATED 15:45 EST / FEBRUARY 07 2019 CLOUD by Mark Albertson SHARE\nMany industries have been transformed by a shift to the cloud, and the hair styling profession is no exception. PS Lifestyle , whose business transformed hair salons in assisted senior living facilities into professional centers and spas, faced a need to convert from a manual process to a more automated one. Cloud platforms provided a major part of the solution.\n\"PS Lifestyle is looking to bring its internal systems forward,\" said Kanji Bates (pictured), senior integration engineer at PS Lifestyle (Salon PS LLC). \"They're trying to bring their services into the present and get away from having to write everything down.\"\nBates spoke with Stu Miniman ( @stu ), host of theCUBE, SiliconANGLE Media's mobile livestreaming studio, during the VTUG Winter Warmer event in Foxborough, Massachusetts. They discussed the cloud services being leveraged to retool its operations, options for system backup, and the value of building dialogue inside the user community. AWS service for web applications\nPS Lifestyle is deploying into Amazon Web Services Inc.'s Elastic Beanstalk , according to Bates. The AWS offering is designed to deploy and scale web applications developed in a number of different environments, such as Docker or Python. The new system being developed at PS Lifestyle is what Bates described as \"between point of sale and the internet.\"\nOne of the challenges confronting the information technology team at PS Lifestyle is backup, how to find a standby system to keep the business running in case of an outage. Droplets , a scalable compute platform with add on security, monitoring and storage, is a possible option, according to Bates.\n\"We develop in Docker, so it's pretty easy to pick up and move somewhere else,\" he said. \"Even if a standby environment is nowhere nearly as powerful, at least it's still running.\"\nThe PS Lifestyle engineer has also tapped into the user community surrounding cloud and virtualization technologies. \"I've actually just started up a VMware user group and an AWS user group,\" Bates said. \"Both of those communities have been fantastic so far.\"\nWatch the complete video interview below, and be sure to check out more of SiliconANGLE's and theCUBE's coverage of the VTUG Winter Warmer event. Photo: SiliconANGLE", "URL": "https://siliconangle.com/2019/02/07/ps-lifestyle-turns-to-the-cloud-for-modernizing-its-hair-salon-business-vtug/"}, {"Title": "Nvidia shares jump after closing a \u2018great year\u2019 by beating expectations in Q4", "Text": "UPDATED 19:37 INFRA by Mike Wheatley SHARE\nNvidia Corp. is feeling better about itself after seeing out a \"turbulent close\" to what had been a \"great year\" for the company, according to its Chief Executive Officer Jensen Huang (pictured).\nThe company, which makes graphics processing chips for gaming, artificial intelligence workloads and bitcoin miners, reported fourth quarter financial results Thursday that beat forecasts following a downward revision of its expectations last month.\nNvidia's earnings before came to 80 cents per share, above Wall Street's revised forecast of 75 cents per share. Revenue for the quarter came to $2.21 billion, down 24 percent from the same period one year ago but just above the $2.2 billion expected by analysts.\n\"The combination of post crypto excess channel inventory and recent deteriorating end market conditions drove a disappointing quarter,\" Huang said in a statement.\nNvidia had disclosed it had excess inventory in the previous quarter, and followed up in January by issuing a profit warning , saying it expected revenue of just $2.2 billion, compared to its initial $2.7 billion projection. It said at the time it was revising its forecast due to slowdown in demand for graphics processing chips in the cloud and gaming industries, and in China.\nThat warning led to a 14 percent drop in Nvidia's share price, but the slightly better than expected results today have helped to generate a bit more optimism. In the after hours trading session today, Nvidia's stock jumped by more than 6 percent.\nA quick breakdown of Nvidia's latest numbers shows us where the slowdown in demand for its GPUs was most obvious. The company's Gaming segment pulled in $954 million in revenue, down 45 percent from one year ago. OEM and IP revenue came in at $116 million, down 36 percent. On the other hand, Data Center revenue was up 12 to $679 million, Professional Visualization revenue increased 15 percent to $293 million, and Automotive revenue jumped 23 percent to $163 million.\nNvidia's full fiscal 2019 numbers were better at least. The company reported full year earnings before certain costs of $6.64, up 35 percent from the previous year. Full year revenue hit $11.72 billion, up 21 percent from a year ago. The company said its Gaming, Datacenter, Professional Visualization and Automotive divisions all posted record revenues.\n\"Hyperscale and cloud purchases declined both sequentially and year on year as several customers paused at the end of the year,\" Nvidia's chief financial officer Colette Kress said in a conference call. \"We believe the pause is temporary.\"\nKress's optimism isn't unfounded. In the call, she stressed that Nvidia's GPUs are already being used by large public cloud providers such as Amazon Web Services Inc. and Microsoft Corp. to train AI models. And the company is also working closely to see that its software and GPUs are used for inference as well, which Kress said is an additional stage in the AI process.\nThere is evidence to suggest that claim is true. For example, last month when Google LLC announced it's making Nvidia Corp.'s low power Tesla T4 GPUs available on its cloud platform in beta test mode, it pointed out that those processors are ideal for inference workloads due to their low energy requirements.\nThe company also announced the availability of its new GeForce RTX 2026 graphics card in the last quarter, which is suitable for both gaming and AI development.\n\"Nvidia capped off a great year with over 20 percent growth during a challenging fourth quarter that saw big declines in its gaming segment,\" said Patrick Moorhead, president and principal analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy. \"I believe gaming has bottomed out and I like what I see in the future, with its enterprise machine learning, L2 auto capabilities, and gaming laptop growth.\"\nAs for the coming quarter, Nvidia said it's forecasting $2.2 billion in revenue, which is just below Wall Street's estimate of $2.28 billion. Photo: Nvidia/Wikipedia", "URL": "https://siliconangle.com/2019/02/14/nvidia-shares-jump-closing-great-year-beating-expectations-q4/"}, {"Title": "IgnitionOne uses Amazon Neptune to Power Identity Resolution at Scale", "Text": "IgnitionOne uses Amazon Neptune to Power Identity Resolution at Scale By Print\nAmazon Neptune enhances IgnitionOne's Customer Intelligence Platform with fast and efficient cross device and cross browser audience activations\nNew York, NY \u2013 IgnitionOne, a global marketing technology and services leader, announced its use of Amazon Neptune to further enhance IgnitionOne's Customer Intelligence Platform (CIP) with amplified identity resolution capabilities, allowing for greater cross device performance and cross browser audience activations.\nIgnitionOne will leverage Amazon Neptune's extensive database engine to increase its CIP capabilities and extend audience reach through the combination of first and third party data. The multifaceted cloud strategy will also allow IgnitionOne to dynamically link identities across devices and browsers in real time. This extends IgnitionOne's Customer Intelligence capabilities through identity resolution and will be at the core of cross device and cross channel attribution capabilities.\n\"Amazon Neptune enables IgnitionOne to provide enterprise marketers advanced identity resolution, giving them a single view of their customer. With Amazon Neptune, we process hundreds of millions of data points each day which powers personalized 1:1 marketing across all devices and channels,\" said Stephen Marshall, Chief Information Officer at IgnitionOne. \"Amazon Neptune's fast and reliable graph database delivers the performance and efficiency we need to connect marketers to their customers.\"\nIgnitionOne's CIP goes beyond traditional Customer Data Platform (CDP) capabilities, giving brands deeper insights for better omnichannel engagement. IgnitionOne's clients can now reap the benefits of Amazon Neptune's extensive database and performance metrics while receiving further insights into key audience segments.\nFor more about IgnitionOne's full product suite, visit https://www.ignitionone.com/.\nAbout IgnitionOne IgnitionOne's leading Customer Intelligence Platform empowers marketers to find and engage their most valuable customers across channels using a data driven approach. By focusing on cross channel scoring and robust personalization, IgnitionOne's technology provides real time, actionable insights for smarter marketing decisions and omnichannel engagement to maximize overall results. IgnitionOne is one of the largest independent marketing technology companies in the world, currently scoring over 600 million users monthly in 75 countries and powering more than $60 billion in revenue each year for leading brands, including General Motors, CenturyLink, La Quinta and Acer, as well as advertising agencies such as 360i, GroupM and Zenith Media.\nFor more information, please visit http://www.ignitionone.com or follow the company on Twitter @ignitionone.", "URL": "https://adtechdaily.com/2019/04/26/ignitionone-uses-amazon-neptune-to-power-identity-resolution-at-scale/"}, {"Title": "#VoiceFirst: Unpacking 2018\u2019s Hits and Misses and the Future in 2019 AI", "Text": "This past year, we've all used or at least seen AI being used in everyday interactions in some shape or form. Google Home and Alexa sales are skyrocketing and AI is becoming more and more mainstream.\n2019 will witness AI application maturity and see #voicefirst attain some real success. And it won't just be Google Assistant and Alexa because companies like Alibaba are also racing ahead and getting some remarkable ROI from their voice assistants. But let's step back and take a quick look at 2018 to identify some patterns, both positive and negative, behind the explosive growth of smart speakers.\nThe Hits Accelerated Adoption: Alexa and Google Home saw a surge of interest, largely thanks to heavy discounts and low cost devices like Echo Spot and Home Mini. Most of these low cost devices were priced at 50 USD in retail, and on occasional promotions, they were going for as low as 25 USD. No wonder 20 percentof the American population (that's 50 million) now own a smart speaker.\nTo put that in perspective, that's a faster adoption rate than what we saw with smartphones. And we all know in hindsight how explosive the smartphone market growth was. Almost all the smart speaker users use these devices regularly for setting alarms, playing music, and creating to do lists.\nSo far, Amazon has been leading the race, with Alexa integrations into new tech products becoming almost a plug and play thing. But Google is catching up fast with their announcement of making Google maps a full fledged Google Assistant Platform. That, combined with the 1 billion Android devices already in market with Google assistant built in, means it's just a matter of maturing the platform to become widely adopted. And we got a glimpse of that with a promising demo of Duplex earlier this year.\nExpanding the Ecosystem: The turf for intelligent assistants and voice tech is not going to stay within the smartphone ecosystem or smart speakers. Amazon and Google are also looking beyond to platforms like cars, integration with common household devices like refrigerators, etc. And who knows, we might finally get our Smart Bathroom Mirror in production (I am really looking forward to that one); not to mention smart showers are already here!\nThe Evolving Technology: Coming to the technology stack, while cloud based solutions like Lex, Dialog Flow, and Azure bot framework are going to lead, players like Rasa and Mycroft provide a lucrative alternative to NLP engines.\nAlso, most of the experience with these devices is aural as of now, but slowly, these devices are getting visual responses as well. However, most of the content thatis being generated these days isnot ready to serve the #voicefirst ecosystem , regardless of how visual they become.\nDIY Bot Platforms: 2018 saw a lot of DIY bot builder tools that relied on card based workflow designs. While it was easy to launch a card based bot, it never went mainstream in terms of adoption because of limitations in the workflow of a bot. Still, that's good enough for 90 percent of the use cases out there that have a few thousand customers to interact with. Also, as Alexa and Google home become multi model , the workflow will become more prominent, and the rise of text/voice/visual bots will blur the lines between a chatbot and a voice bot.\nHowever, I doubt that these DIY tools would last fornvery long. Once you have a bot up and running, you can't rely on the basic card based workflow because most bots are not able to handle responses as users scale up. You'll see challenges if you're not constantly monitoring and maintaining these bots. If you're fetching or pushing data to some or the other API endpoint (which usually is the case) there's a good chance the bots break every now and then due to change in third party API specs. (You'd know what I mean if you've worked with third party API's :D). Tools like Botium would come in really handy in these cases.\nThe Winners: In 2018, Estee Lauder attracted a lot of eyeballs with Liv, the beauty advisor , HBO with a dramatic trailer of WestWorld game , Tide with an assistant to remove stains (which I think is a very unique idea) and Sesame Street skill for children , which is actually very popular among kids.\nWhile they were really interesting skills and well executed, most of them reported very low usage. These devices are still becoming a habi,t and outside of basic tasks, the new ones still need to catch up. But I'm sure 2019 will bring us an all out winner :)\nThe Misses If you used #VoiceFirst devices in 2018, I am sure there were some frustrating moments. The user experiences didn't really live up to the expectations in some cases. At other times, we saw tech that received a huge response from the media get busted when it came to actual usability.\nThere are a few basic human conversation nuances that these devices are missing \u2014 interruption, nonlinear conversation, and implicit intent. Good clarification on them can be found here.\nApart from that, these devices are not very good at remembering what you said earlier and often lead to frustration. A leading agency, 360i, who build skills and actions for a lot of leading brands saw cuss words as a common occurrence while using these skills. Definitely not the start that brands expected.\nInterestingly, not a lot of people tried vernacular languages yet on these devices even though both Alexa and Google Home are multilingual. We tried Hindi with Google Home and it was not bad at all! It actually understood most of the sentences, and you can watch that in action at Gadget 360. I would love to see more of the vernacular content coming on Google and Alexa.\nLet me know your thoughts in the comments.", "URL": "https://dzone.com/articles/voicefirst-unpacking-2018s-hits-and-misses-and-the"}, {"Title": "Serverless Architecture Market Size Worth $19.84 Billion By 2025: Grand View Research , Inc. | Puri Mail", "Text": "Serverless Architecture Market Size Worth $19.84 Billion By 2025: Grand View Research , Inc. January 09 23:18 2019 Grand View Research, Inc. \u2013 Market Research And Consulting. According to report published by Grand View Research, The global serverless architecture market size is expected to reach USD 19.84 billionby 2025 at a 26.0% CAGR during the forecast period. Growing demand for economizing operations and increasing profitability has been driving the market. The global serverless architecture market size is expected to reach USD 19.84 billionby 2025 at a 26.0% CAGR during the forecast period, according to a new study by Grand View Research, Inc. Growing demand for economizing operations and increasing profitability has been driving the market. Emergence of cloud technology, coupled with advancements in serverless computing, has further strengthened the market. As the business model of serverless operations is execution based, enterprises can eliminate the cost of provisioning and maintaining the server round the clock. Charges are billed on number of executions, which in turn, reduces cost. Application development processes are a major beneficiary of a serverless architecture. DevOps and agile development culture within an organization are driving enterprises to change the way they develop business applications fundamentally. Monolithic applications are paving the way for application programming interface (API), micro services, and function based execution units, resulting in a paradigm shift of organizational mindset. These trends have changed the way enterprises approach IT infrastructure. In such an environment, serverless architecture enables organizations to streamline their operations, hire optimal resources, and allow developers to focus on core product development. Cloud service providers (CSP) manage serverless architecture, enabling the platform to provide automatic scaling, enterprise level global security, and promote continuous building, integration, and development efforts. Such factors positively impact an enterprise's time to market, market share, and sustainability. From a business perspective, serverless architecture eliminates the cost of hiring back end infrastructure engineers, provides process agility, and reduces overall operational cost by a significant amount. From a developer perspective, it offers reduced liability and zero system administration as well as fosters adoption of microservices and nano services. However, there are several risks involved in deploying serverless architecture. As CSPs control the underlying infrastructure, users cannot customize/optimize the infrastructure to suit specific needs of an enterprise and developer. Moreover, as the organization has no control over the infrastructure, adding multiple customers on the same platform may raise security concerns. Furthermore, as a consumer, there is no authorization to do penetration tests and vulnerability scanning on infrastructure underlying the serverless offerings. Thus, increasing need for compliance concerns adopters and thereby acts as a restraint to market growth. Access Full Research Report On Serverless Architecture Market Analysis: www.grandviewresearch.com/industry analysis/serverless architecture market Further key findings from the study suggest that: By service, the monitoring segment is anticipated to register the highest CAGR of 28.8% over the forecast period. The automation & integration service segment, on the other hand, holds the dominant share and was valued at USD 830.6million in 2017\nBased on organization, the large enterprises segment is expected to retain its dominance in the market, valuing an estimated USD 13.80 billion by 2025. The SME segment is anticipated to register the highest CAGR of 28.6% over the forecast period\nBy way of vertical, media & entertainment is expected to register the highest CAGR of 30.3% over the forecast period\nNorth America was valued at USD 1.32 billion in 2017 and is expected to hold a dominant revenue share in the market by 2025. Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness the highest CAGR of 29.7% over the forecast period\nKey players in the market include Amazon Web Services Inc.; Google LLC; Microsoft Corporation; and Oracle Corporation. Browse More Reports Of This Category By Grand View Research At: Grand View Research has segmented the global serverless architecture market on the basis of service, organization, vertical, and region: Serverless Architecture Services Outlook (Revenue, USD Million, 2015 \u2013 2025)\nAutomation and Integration", "URL": "http://www.purimail.com/story/59334/serverless-architecture-market-size-worth-1984-billion-by-2025-grand-view-research-inc.html"}, {"Title": "Serverless Architecture Market Size Worth $19.84 Billion By 2025: Grand View Research , Inc. | Tripura Newspaper", "Text": "Serverless Architecture Market Size Worth $19.84 Billion By 2025: Grand View Research , Inc. January 09 Share it With Friends Grand View Research, Inc. \u2013 Market Research And Consulting. According to report published by Grand View Research, The global serverless architecture market size is expected to reach USD 19.84 billionby 2025 at a 26.0% CAGR during the forecast period. Growing demand for economizing operations and increasing profitability has been driving the market. The global serverless architecture market size is expected to reach USD 19.84 billionby 2025 at a 26.0% CAGR during the forecast period, according to a new study by Grand View Research, Inc. Growing demand for economizing operations and increasing profitability has been driving the market. Emergence of cloud technology, coupled with advancements in serverless computing, has further strengthened the market. As the business model of serverless operations is execution based, enterprises can eliminate the cost of provisioning and maintaining the server round the clock. Charges are billed on number of executions, which in turn, reduces cost. Application development processes are a major beneficiary of a serverless architecture. DevOps and agile development culture within an organization are driving enterprises to change the way they develop business applications fundamentally. Monolithic applications are paving the way for application programming interface (API), micro services, and function based execution units, resulting in a paradigm shift of organizational mindset. These trends have changed the way enterprises approach IT infrastructure. In such an environment, serverless architecture enables organizations to streamline their operations, hire optimal resources, and allow developers to focus on core product development. Cloud service providers (CSP) manage serverless architecture, enabling the platform to provide automatic scaling, enterprise level global security, and promote continuous building, integration, and development efforts. Such factors positively impact an enterprise's time to market, market share, and sustainability. From a business perspective, serverless architecture eliminates the cost of hiring back end infrastructure engineers, provides process agility, and reduces overall operational cost by a significant amount. From a developer perspective, it offers reduced liability and zero system administration as well as fosters adoption of microservices and nano services. However, there are several risks involved in deploying serverless architecture. As CSPs control the underlying infrastructure, users cannot customize/optimize the infrastructure to suit specific needs of an enterprise and developer. Moreover, as the organization has no control over the infrastructure, adding multiple customers on the same platform may raise security concerns. Furthermore, as a consumer, there is no authorization to do penetration tests and vulnerability scanning on infrastructure underlying the serverless offerings. Thus, increasing need for compliance concerns adopters and thereby acts as a restraint to market growth. Access Full Research Report On Serverless Architecture Market Analysis: www.grandviewresearch.com/industry analysis/serverless architecture market Further key findings from the study suggest that: By service, the monitoring segment is anticipated to register the highest CAGR of 28.8% over the forecast period. The automation & integration service segment, on the other hand, holds the dominant share and was valued at USD 830.6million in 2017\nBased on organization, the large enterprises segment is expected to retain its dominance in the market, valuing an estimated USD 13.80 billion by 2025. The SME segment is anticipated to register the highest CAGR of 28.6% over the forecast period\nBy way of vertical, media & entertainment is expected to register the highest CAGR of 30.3% over the forecast period\nNorth America was valued at USD 1.32 billion in 2017 and is expected to hold a dominant revenue share in the market by 2025. Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness the highest CAGR of 29.7% over the forecast period\nKey players in the market include Amazon Web Services Inc.; Google LLC; Microsoft Corporation; and Oracle Corporation. Browse More Reports Of This Category By Grand View Research At: Grand View Research has segmented the global serverless architecture market on the basis of service, organization, vertical, and region: Serverless Architecture Services Outlook (Revenue, USD Million, 2015 \u2013 2025)\nAutomation and Integration", "URL": "http://www.tripuranewspaper.in/story/58824/serverless-architecture-market-size-worth-1984-billion-by-2025-grand-view-research-inc.html"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "Oracle Corporation", "intensity": 25.0, "score": 17169, "relationshipStrength": "Satisfactory", "news": [{"Title": "Cloud Computing Services Market Analysis, Size, Trends and Future Scope", "Text": "The growth in cloud computing services is driven by demand in developed nations in Western markets, such as Europe and North America. cloud computing market The cloud computing services market is expected to gain acceptance and become a key element in delivering IT services because of the growing need for fast and flexible IT systems and significant advantages which cloud offers compared to traditional on premises data center services. With several newcomers, such as Enomaly Inc., GoGrid LLC and AT&T, instilling innovations, the cloud computing services market is expected to experience huge growth in the forecast period with its increasing adoption by companies around the world.\nAmazon Web Services, Inc. dominates the global cloud computing services market , followed by Google Inc. and Microsoft. The reason behind the success of Amazon's Web Services is that it provides not only storage, but also applications that companies can run in the cloud as well. It has been estimated that one of the three internet consumers visits a site or use a service (such as netflix) running at Amazon's cloud at least once every day.\nThe growth in cloud computing services is driven by demand in developed nations in Western markets, such as Europe and North America. The developing nations are slowly adopting the concept of cloud computing, and are expected to drive the growth of cloud computing services in the later part of the decade.\nRequest to Get the Sample Report@ https://www.psmarketresearch.com/market analysis/cloud computing services market/report sample\nBased on types of security, the cloud computing services market can be broadly classified into Software as a Service (SaaS), Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Platform as a Service (PaaS). Amongst these, the most commonly used cloud computing service is the Software as a Service (SaaS), which can be accessed from anywhere in the world as long as the user has an access to internet connection.\nA major trend observed in the cloud computing services market is the use of containers for a private view of the application. Containers offer private process ID space, file system structure, network interfaces, isolated resources and restricted services (a definite amount of resources such as CPU, memory and I/O). Containers are more efficient competitors to hardware virtualization, and many Platform as a Service (PaaS) implementations, including Heroku, CloudFoundry, OpenShift and dotCloud, use containers. Additionally, some of the private cloud, Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) implementations, such as Cloudstack and OpenStack, offer support for containers. So, containers are a feasible new type of virtualization that is expected to grow and influence the direction of cloud computing services market.\nMake Enquiry Before Buying the Report@ https://www.psmarketresearch.com/send enquiry?enquiry url=cloud computing services market\nSome of the competitors in the cloud computing services market are Rackspace Hosting Inc., Red Hat Inc., salesforce.com, VMware Inc., Novell Inc., OpSource Inc., Oracle Corporation, Joyent, Inc., International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) and NetSuite Inc.", "URL": "https://www.briefingwire.com/pr/cloud-computing-services-market-analysis-size-trends-and-future-scope"}, {"Title": "Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market to 2027: and#36;17.4 Billion Opportunity Insights Report, 2019 - ResearchAndMarkets.com", "Text": "News for 2019 04 11 Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market to 2027: $17.4 Billion Opportunity Insights Report, 2019 ResearchAndMarkets.com\nThe \"Cloud Based Payroll Software Market to 2027 Global Analysis and Forecasts by Organizational Size and Industry Vertical\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.\nThe global cloud based payroll software market was valued at US$ 7.34 Bn in 2018 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10.3% during the forecast period 2019 2027, to account to US$ 17.39 Bn by 2027. Factors such as advancements in cloud technology, and high adoption among by SMEs is driving the cloud based payroll software market growth.\nThe market has of large number well recognized as well as medium and smaller companies across the globe which are involved in development of robust software and offer services to their clients. Also the advancements in cloud technology has accelerated the procurement of cloud based payroll software among numerous companies across industries.\nAlso, owing to low entry barrier to the cloud based payroll software market, the emerging companies are also experiencing significant growth in terms of clientele and revenue, which is smoothening the growth path of cloud based payroll software market in the emerging countries. In addition, the cost competitiveness among the cloud based payroll market players, is increasing the quest to adopt the advanced technology, thereby projecting a significant future for cloud based payroll software market.\nThe most prominent region in global cloud based payroll software market in 2018 accounted for North America, followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. Middle East and Africa, and South America held the fourth and fifth position in terms of market shares in cloud based payroll software market.\nThe dominance of North America is majorly accountable for significantly large number of cloud based payroll software market players in the US. Also, the trend of adoption of newer technologies is consistently higher in the US, and pertaining to the industry scenario, the country is densely populated with numerous organizations from different industries.\nAsia Pacific is estimated to be the fastest growing geography during the forecast period from 2019 2027. The countries in Asia Pacific are constantly witnessing the establishments of different multi national companies as well as emergence of national or local companies.\nThe major companies operating in the cloud based payroll software market globally includes ADP LLC, Ceridian HCM, Inc., Intuit Inc., PAYCOM, Paychex Inc., Oracle Corporation, Sage Group Plc., SAP SE, XERO Limited, and ZENEFITS among others.\nKey Topics Covered\n1.1 Scope of the Study\n1.2 Report Guidance\n1.3.1 Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market by Organizational Size\n1.3.2 Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market by Industry Verticals\n1.3.3 Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market by Geography\n2. Key Takeaways", "URL": "https://www.sectorpublishingintelligence.co.uk/news/2262950/global-cloud-based-payroll-software-market-to-2027-36174-billion-opportunity-insights-report-2019--researchandmarketscom"}, {"Title": "Cloud Manufacturing Market 2019 Global Trends, Size, Industry Segments and Profit Growth by Forecast to 2023", "Text": "Global Cloud Manufacturing Market is estimated to grow at CAGR of approximately 23% during the forecast period of 2017 2023\nPune, India June 11, 2019 /MarketersMedia/ \u2014\nCloud Manufacturing Market Overview:\nCloud manufacturing is the process of utilizing cloud to source relevant data from manufacturing resources. Technological advancements, across the world, are setting up the path for smooth integration of the cloud manufacturing market in myriad sectors.\nThe global Cloud Manufacturing Market is all set to score a hike by 23% during the forecast period (2017 2023). Market Research Future (MRFR) predicts that the Surge in CAGR would be amply backed by various factors during the forecast period.\nIntegration of IoT, demand for easy workflow, surge in implementation of bring your own device or BYOD system, stringent government regulations, cost affordability, easy streamlining of work, and others are major triggers for the cloud manufacturing market growth in the coming years. But the growth could get restrained due to the high initial investment.\nRequest Free Sample @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/6004\nCompetitive Landscape:\nCompanies spending substantially in the global cloud manufacturing market are Salesforce.com, Inc. (U.S.), Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (U.S.), Microsoft Corporation (U.S.), Citrix Systems, Inc. (U.S.), Plex Systems, Inc. (U.S.), Google LLC (U.S.), Rootstock Software (U.S.), Jelastic, Inc. (U.S.), Oracle Corporation (U.S.), Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.), Amazon.com Inc. (U.S.), VMware, Inc. (U.S.), DXC Technology (U.S.), and others. These companies have been enlisted in MRFR report for a better analysis of the market in the coming years. Their profiling includes merger, acquisition, product launch, and other strategic moves that took place recently.\nIn May 2019, Microsoft launched their Cloud and Mobile Technology Incubation Program in Zhaoqing to enable services to excellent incubation project. This would also include Microsoft's resource and technical support. The endeavor aims at providing speed to the growth and simplifying transformation of local industries by linking forces, elements and resources of science and innovation at work.\nSegmentation:\nMRFR segments the global cloud manufacturing market in their report by component, organization size, deployment model, technology, and industry vertical. The segmentation particularly aims at unraveling of various factors that can trigger future market growth and it is backed by figures based on volume wise and value wise analysis of the market.\n Based on the component, the cloud manufacturing market can be segmented into hardware, software, and service. The service segment includes Platform as a Service (PaaS), Software as Service (SaaS), and Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS).\n Based on the organization, the cloud manufacturing market includes small & medium enterprises (SMEs) and large enterprises. The SME segment in developing countries is generating much thrust as they have realized the potential of cloud structure which can reduce cost and increase efficacy of the workflow.\n Based on the deployment model, the cloud manufacturing market incorporates private cloud, public cloud, and hybrid cloud. The hybrid cloud segment has much market penetration owing to its simple application process.\n Based on the technology, the cloud manufacturing market encompasses AM, cloud computing, Active Server Pages (ASP), Mgrid, NM, Internet of Things (IoT), virtualization, and others.\n Based on the industry vertical, the cloud manufacturing market comprises BFSI, IT & telecommunication, manufacturing, healthcare, retail & e commerce, aerospace and defense, oil and gas, chemical, and food & beverages. The BFSI segment is gaining much prospect owing to its high integration of the global cloud manufacturing process to reduce cost and increase customer service.\nAccess PR Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/press release/cloud manufacturing industry\nRegional Analysis:\nNorth America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), and Rest of the World (RoW) are the four regions in which MRFR segmented the global cloud manufacturing market for insights. This geographic analysis would ensure a better understanding of various growth opportunities on a demographic scale.\nNorth America has the maximum global cloud manufacturing market coverage as several market leaders function out of this zone. There are well established research & development centers and simultaneously, the region spends much in IT & telecommunication, automotive, chemical and semiconductor & electronics industries to maintain the economic stature of the region.\nThe APAC market is all set to be the fastest growing region over the forecast period. Growth in rising adoption of cloud based services to back the advanced automation process implemented in the manufacturing process is the major booster for the market.\nIntended Audience:\n Technology Investors\n Research/Consultancy Firms\n Software Providers\n System Integrators\n Independent software vendors\n Consulting firms\n Cloud service providers\nTable of Contents\n1 Executive Summary\n2 Scope of the Report\n2.1 Market Definition\n2.2 Scope of the Study\n2.2.1 Research Objectives\n2.2.2 Assumptions & Limitations\n2.3 Markets Structure\n3 Market Research Methodology\n3.1 Research Process\n3.2 Secondary Research\n3.3 Primary Research\n3.4 Forecast Model\nContinued \nAccess Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/cloud manufacturing market 6004\nList of Tables\nTable 1 Global Cloud Manufacturing Market: By Region, 2017 2023\nTable 2 North America Cloud Manufacturing Market: By Country, 2017 2023\nTable 3 Europe Cloud Manufacturing Market: By Country, 2017 2023\nContinued \nList of Figures\nFigure 1 Global Cloud Manufacturing Market Segmentation\nFigure 2 Forecast Methodology\nFigure 3 Five Forces Analysis of Global Cloud Manufacturing Market\nContinued \nAbout Market Research Future:\nAt Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.\nContact Info:\nName: Abhishek Sawant\nEmail: Send Email\nOrganization: Market Research Future\nAddress: Market Research Future Office No. 524/528,, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune 411028\nPhone: +1 646 845 9312\nWebsite: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/cloud manufacturing market 6004\nSource URL: https://marketersmedia.com/cloud manufacturing market 2019 global trends size industry segments and profit growth by forecast to 2023/522620\nSource: MarketersMedia\nRelease ID: 522620\nRelated Stocks: Ampco Pittsburgh Corp", "URL": "http://business.wapakdailynews.com/wapakdailynews/news/read/38399408/cloud_manufacturing_market_2019_global_trends"}, {"Title": "Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market to 2027: $17.4 Billion Opportunity Insights Report, 2019 - ResearchAndMarkets.com", "Text": "The \"Cloud Based Payroll Software Market to 2027 Global Analysis and Forecasts by Organizational Size and Industry Vertical\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.\nThe global cloud based payroll software market was valued at US$ 7.34 Bn in 2018 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10.3% during the forecast period 2019 2027, to account to US$ 17.39 Bn by 2027. Factors such as advancements in cloud technology, and high adoption among by SMEs is driving the cloud based payroll software market growth.\nThe market has of large number well recognized as well as medium and smaller companies across the globe which are involved in development of robust software and offer services to their clients. Also the advancements in cloud technology has accelerated the procurement of cloud based payroll software among numerous companies across industries.\nAlso, owing to low entry barrier to the cloud based payroll software market, the emerging companies are also experiencing significant growth in terms of clientele and revenue, which is smoothening the growth path of cloud based payroll software market in the emerging countries. In addition, the cost competitiveness among the cloud based payroll market players, is increasing the quest to adopt the advanced technology, thereby projecting a significant future for cloud based payroll software market.\nThe most prominent region in global cloud based payroll software market in 2018 accounted for North America, followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. Middle East and Africa, and South America held the fourth and fifth position in terms of market shares in cloud based payroll software market.\nThe dominance of North America is majorly accountable for significantly large number of cloud based payroll software market players in the US. Also, the trend of adoption of newer technologies is consistently higher in the US, and pertaining to the industry scenario, the country is densely populated with numerous organizations from different industries.\nAsia Pacific is estimated to be the fastest growing geography during the forecast period from 2019 2027. The countries in Asia Pacific are constantly witnessing the establishments of different multi national companies as well as emergence of national or local companies.\nThe major companies operating in the cloud based payroll software market globally includes ADP LLC, Ceridian HCM, Inc., Intuit Inc., PAYCOM, Paychex Inc., Oracle Corporation, Sage Group Plc., SAP SE, XERO Limited, and ZENEFITS among others.\nKey Topics Covered\n1.1 Scope of the Study\n1.2 Report Guidance\n1.3.1 Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market by Organizational Size\n1.3.2 Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market by Industry Verticals\n1.3.3 Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market by Geography\n2. Key Takeaways", "URL": "http://businesswire.sys-con.com/node/4385158"}, {"Title": "Cloud Based Payroll Software Market to 2027 - Global Analysis and Forecasts by Organizational Size and Industry Vertical", "Text": "April 25, 2019 08:01 ET | Source: Research and Markets\nDublin, April 25, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) The \"Cloud Based Payroll Software Market to 2027 Global Analysis and Forecasts by Organizational Size and Industry Vertical\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering. The global cloud based payroll software market was valued at US$ 7.34 Bn in 2018 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10.3% during the forecast period 2019 2027, to account to US$ 17.39 Bn by 2027. Factors such as advancements in cloud technology, and high adoption among by SMEs is driving the cloud based payroll software market growth.The market has of large number well recognized as well as medium and smaller companies across the globe which are involved in development of robust software and offer services to their clients. Also the advancements in cloud technology has accelerated the procurement of cloud based payroll software among numerous companies across industries.Also, owing to low entry barrier to the cloud based payroll software market, the emerging companies are also experiencing significant growth in terms of clientele and revenue, which is smoothening the growth path of cloud based payroll software market in the emerging countries. In addition, the cost competitiveness among the cloud based payroll market players, is increasing the quest to adopt the advanced technology, thereby projecting a significant future for cloud based payroll software market.The most prominent region in global cloud based payroll software market in 2018 accounted for North America, followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. Middle East and Africa, and South America held the fourth and fifth position in terms of market shares in cloud based payroll software market. The dominance of North America is majorly accountable for significantly large number of cloud based payroll software market players in the US. Also, the trend of adoption of newer technologies is consistently higher in the US, and pertaining to the industry scenario, the country is densely populated with numerous organizations from different industries. Asia Pacific, is estimated to be the fastest growing geography during the forecast period from 2019 2027. The countries in Asia Pacific are constantly witnessing the establishments of different multi national companies as well as emergence of national or local companies.The major companies operating in the cloud based payroll software market globally includes ADP LLC, Ceridian HCM, Inc., Intuit Inc., PAYCOM, Paychex Inc., Oracle Corporation, Sage Group Plc., SAP SE, XERO Limited, and ZENEFITS among others. Key Topics Covered: 1.1 Scope of the Study1.2 Report Guidance", "URL": "https://globenewswire.com/news-release/2019/04/25/1809630/0/en/Cloud-Based-Payroll-Software-Market-to-2027-Global-Analysis-and-Forecasts-by-Organizational-Size-and-Industry-Vertical.html"}, {"Title": "Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market 2019-2027 - Amalgamation of Artificial Intelligence (AI) In Cloud-Based Payroll Software", "Text": "Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market 2019 2027 Amalgamation of Artificial Intelligence (AI) In Cloud Based Payroll Software [April 29, 2019] Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market 2019 2027 Amalgamation of Artificial Intelligence (AI) In Cloud Based Payroll Software\nDUBLIN , April 29, 2019 /PRNewswire/ The \"Cloud Based Payroll Software Market to 2027 Global Analysis and Forecasts by Organizational Size and Industry Vertical\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.\nThe global cloud based payroll software market was valued at US$ 7.34 Bn in 2018 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10.3% during the forecast period 2019 2027, to account to US$ 17.39 Bn by 2027.\nFactors such as advancements in cloud technology, and high adoption among by SMEs is driving the cloud based payroll software market growth.\nThe market has of large number well recognized as well as medium and smaller companies across the globe which are involved in development of robust software and offer services to their clients. Also the advancements in cloud technology has accelerated the procurement of cloud based payroll software among numerous companies across industries.\nAlso, owing to low entry barrier to the cloud based payroll software market, the emerging companies are also experiencing significant growth in terms of clientele and revenue, which is smoothening the growth path of cloud based payroll software market in the emerging countries. In addition, the cost competitiveness among the cloud based payroll market players, is increasing the quest to adopt the advanced technology, thereby projecting a significant future for cloud based payroll software market.\nThe most prominent region in global cloud based payroll software market in 2018 accounted for North America , followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. Middle East and Africa , and South America held the fourth and fifth position in terms of market shares in cloud based payroll software market. The dominance of North America is majorly accountable for significantly large number of cloud based payroll software market players in the US.\nAlso, the trend of adoptionof newer technologies is consistently higher in the US, and pertaining to the industry scenario, the country is densely populated with numerous organizations from different industries. Asia Pacific , is estimated to be the fastest growing geography during the forecast period from 2019 2027. The countries in Asia Pacific are constantly witnessing the establishments of different multi national companies as well as emergence of national or local companies.\nThe major companies operating in the cloud based payroll software market globally includes ADP LLC, Ceridian HCM, Inc., Intuit Inc., PAYCOM, Paychex Inc., Oracle Corporation, Sage Group Plc., SAP SE, XERO Limited, and ZENEFITS among others.\nKey Topics Covered:\n1.1 Scope of the Study\n1.2 Report Guidance", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/04/29/8946271.htm"}, {"Title": "Cloud Computing Services Market 2019-2023 Trends and Opportunities With Key Players - Rackspace, Red Hat, Salesforce, VMware, Novell, OpSource, Oracle, Joyent, IBM and NetSuite", "Text": "Press release from: P&S Intelligence The cloud computing services market is expected to gain acceptance and become a key element in delivering IT services because of the growing need for fast and flexible IT systems and significant advantages which cloud offers compared to traditional on premises data center services. With several newcomers, such as Enomaly Inc., GoGrid LLC and AT&T, instilling innovations, the cloud computing services market is expected to experience huge growth in the forecast period with its increasing adoption by companies around the world.Request for a free sample copy of this research report @ www.psmarketresearch.com/market analysis/cloud computing... The growth in cloud computing services is driven by demand in developed nations in Western markets, such as Europe and North America. The developing nations are slowly adopting the concept of cloud computing, and are expected to drive the growth of cloud computing services in the later part of the decade.Based on types of security, the cloud computing services market can be broadly classified into Software as a Service (SaaS), Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Platform as a Service (PaaS). Amongst these, the most commonly used cloud computing service is the Software as a Service (SaaS), which can be accessed from anywhere in the world as long as the user has an access to internet connection.A major trend observed in the cloud computing services market is the use of containers for a private view of the application. Containers offer private process ID space, file system structure, network interfaces, isolated resources and restricted services (a definite amount of resources such as CPU, memory and I/O).Explore report description @ www.psmarketresearch.com/market analysis/cloud computing... Some of the competitors in the cloud computing services market are Rackspace Hosting Inc., Red Hat Inc., salesforce.com, VMware Inc., Novell Inc., OpSource Inc., Oracle Corporation, Joyent, Inc., International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) and NetSuite Inc.About P&S IntelligenceP&S Intelligence, a brand of P&S Market Research, is a provider of market research and consulting services catering to the market information needs of burgeoning industries across the world. Providing the plinth of market intelligence, P&S as an enterprising research and consulting company, believes in providing thorough landscape analyses on the ever changing market scenario, to empower companies to make informed decisions and base their business strategies with astuteness.Contact:", "URL": "https://www.openpr.com/news/1466788/Cloud-Computing-Services-Market-2019-2023-Trends-and-Opportunities-With-Key-Players-Rackspace-Red-Hat-Salesforce-VMware-Novell-OpSource-Oracle-Joyent-IBM-and-NetSuite.html"}, {"Title": "The global cloud based payroll software market was valued at US$", "Text": "SOURCE Reportlinker\nNEW YORK , April 23, 2019 /PRNewswire/ The global cloud based payroll software market was valued at US$ 7.34 Bn in 2018 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10.3% during the forecast period 2019 2027, to account to US$ 17.39 Bn by 2027. Factors such as advancements in cloud technology, and high adoption among by SMEs is driving the cloud based payroll software market growth.\nRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05764194/?utm_source=PRN\nThe market has of large number well recognized as well as medium and smaller companies across the globe which are involved in development of robust software and offer services to their clients. Also the advancements in cloud technology has accelerated the procurement of cloud based payroll software among numerous companies across industries.\nAlso, owing to low entry barrier to the cloud based payroll software market, the emerging companies are also experiencing significant growth in terms of clientele and revenue, which is smoothening the growth path of cloud based payroll software market in the emerging countries. In addition, the cost competitiveness among the cloud based payroll market players, is increasing the quest to adopt the advanced technology, thereby projecting a significant future for cloud based payroll software market.\nThe most prominent region in global cloud based payroll software market in 2018 accounted for North America , followed by Europe and Asia Pacific.Middle East and Africa , and South America held the fourth and fifth position in terms of market shares in cloud based payroll software market.\nThe dominance of North America is majorly accountable for significantly large number of cloud based payroll software market players in the US.Also, the trend of adoption of newer technologies is consistently higher in the US, and pertaining to the industry scenario, the country is densely populated with numerous organizations from different industries.\nAsia Pacific , is estimated to be the fastest growing geography during the forecast period from 2019 2027. The countries in Asia Pacific are constantly witnessing the establishments of different multi national companies as well as emergence of national or local companies.\nThe overall cloud based payroll software market size has been derived using both primary and secondary source.The research process begins with exhaustive secondary research using internal and external sources to obtain qualitative and quantitative information related to the cloud based payroll software market.\nIt also provides the overview and forecast for the global cloud based payroll software market based on all the segmentation provided with respect to five major reasons such as North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , Middle East & Africa , and South America.Also, primary interviews were conducted with industry participants and commentators in order to validate data and analysis.\nThe participants who typically take part in such a process include industry expert such as VPs, business development managers, market intelligence managers, and national sales managers, and external consultants such as valuation experts, research analysts, and key opinion leaders specializing in the cloud based payroll software industry. The major companies operating in the cloud based payroll software market globally includes ADP LLC, Ceridian HCM, Inc., Intuit Inc., PAYCOM, Paychex Inc., Oracle Corporation, Sage Group Plc., SAP SE, XERO Limited, and ZENEFITS among others.\nReasons to Buy\nHighlights key business priorities in order to assist companies to realign their business strategies.\nThe key findings and recommendations highlight crucial progressive industry trends in the Cloud Based Payroll Software market, thereby allowing players to develop effective long term strategies.\nDevelop/modify business expansion plans by using substantial growth offering developed and emerging markets.\nScrutinize in depth global market trends and outlook coupled with the factors driving the market, as well as those hindering it.\nEnhance the decision making process by understanding the strategies that underpin commercial interest with respect to products, segmentation and industry verticals.\nRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05764194/?utm_source=PRN\nAbout Reportlinker\nReportLinker is an award winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need instantly, in one place.", "URL": "http://www.mylubbocktv.com/story/40355495/the-global-cloud-based-payroll-software-market-was-valued-at-us-734-bn-in-2018-and-is-expected-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-103-during-the-forecast-period"}, {"Title": "The global cloud based payroll software market was valued at US$ 7.34 Bn in 2018 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10.3% during the forecast period 2019 - 2027, to account to US$ 17.39 Bn by 2027", "Text": "NEW YORK , April 23, 2019 /PRNewswire/ The global cloud based payroll software market was valued at US$ 7.34 Bn in 2018 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10.3% during the forecast period 2019 2027, to account to US$ 17.39 Bn by 2027. Factors such as advancements in cloud technology, and high adoption among by SMEs is driving the cloud based payroll software market growth. Read the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05764194/?utm_source=PRN The market has of large number well recognized as well as medium and smaller companies across the globe which are involved in development of robust software and offer services to their clients. Also the advancements in cloud technology has accelerated the procurement of cloud based payroll software among numerous companies across industries. Also, owing to low entry barrier to the cloud based payroll software market, the emerging companies are also experiencing significant growth in terms of clientele and revenue, which is smoothening the growth path of cloud based payroll software market in the emerging countries. In addition, the cost competitiveness among the cloud based payroll market players, is increasing the quest to adopt the advanced technology, thereby projecting a significant future for cloud based payroll software market. The most prominent region in global cloud based payroll software market in 2018 accounted for North America , followed by Europe and Asia Pacific.Middle East and Africa , and South America held the fourth and fifth position in terms of market shares in cloud based payroll software market. The dominance of North America is majorly accountable for significantly large number of cloud based payroll software market players in the US.Also, the trend of adoption of newer technologies is consistently higher in the US, and pertaining to the industry scenario, the country is densely populated with numerous organizations from different industries. Asia Pacific , is estimated to be the fastest growing geography during the forecast period from 2019 2027. The countries in Asia Pacific are constantly witnessing the establishments of different multi national companies as well as emergence of national or local companies. The overall cloud based payroll software market size has been derived using both primary and secondary source.The research process begins with exhaustive secondary research using internal and external sources to obtain qualitative and quantitative information related to the cloud based payroll software market. It also provides the overview and forecast for the global cloud based payroll software market based on all the segmentation provided with respect to five major reasons such as North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , Middle East & Africa , and South America.Also, primary interviews were conducted with industry participants and commentators in order to validate data and analysis. The participants who typically take part in such a process include industry expert such as VPs, business development managers, market intelligence managers, and national sales managers, and external consultants such as valuation experts, research analysts, and key opinion leaders specializing in the cloud based payroll software industry. The major companies operating in the cloud based payroll software market globally includes ADP LLC, Ceridian HCM, Inc., Intuit Inc., PAYCOM, Paychex Inc., Oracle Corporation, Sage Group Plc., SAP SE, XERO Limited, and ZENEFITS among others. Reasons to Buy Highlights key business priorities in order to assist companies to realign their business strategies. The key findings and recommendations highlight crucial progressive industry trends in the Cloud Based Payroll Software market, thereby allowing players to develop effective long term strategies. Develop/modify business expansion plans by using substantial growth offering developed and emerging markets. Scrutinize in depth global market trends and outlook coupled with the factors driving the market, as well as those hindering it. Enhance the decision making process by understanding the strategies that underpin commercial interest with respect to products, segmentation and industry verticals. Read the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05764194/?utm_source=PRN About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need instantly, in one place.", "URL": "https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/19/04/r13582961/the-global-cloud-based-payroll-software-market-was-valued-at-us-7-34-bn-in-2018-and-is-expected-to"}, {"Title": "Engine Yard is the leading Platform as a Service (PaaS), empowering software application innovation more rapidly, easily and cost effectively.", "Text": "Contact Jul 16, 2019 10:06 AM ET Engine Yard is the leading Platform as a Service (PaaS), empowering software application innovation more rapidly, easily and cost effectively. iCrowd Newswire Jul 16, 2019\nEngine Yard is the leading Platform as a Service (PaaS), empowering software application innovation more rapidly, easily and cost effectively. With deep technical expertise, powerful infrastructure orchestration, strong support of the open source community, and world class service, Engine Yard provides a complete commercial grade solution that enables developers to focus on creating great applications, instead of managing their platform. Thousands of customers in 58 countries, from explosive growth Web startups to Fortune 500 enterprises, rely on Engine Yard to leverage the cloud for competitive advantage. Headquartered in San Francisco, Calif., Engine Yard is backed by Benchmark Capital, New Enterprise Associates, Oracle and Amazon.com. Products / Services Engine Yard Cloud\nEngine Yard Cloud is the leading Platform as a Service (PaaS) for a wide range of Ruby on Rails, PHP and Node.js applications. Engine Yard Cloud runs small scale web applications that require a single compute instance to large scale enterprise applications that require the reliability, elasticity and performance of high availability clusters.\nDeploy with Ease Engine Yard Cloud automates the configuration, deployment and ongoing maintenance of your application platform in the cloud. Developers can focus on creating innovative cloud applications without getting distracted by operations, servers or other infrastructure.\n100% Open Platform All of the Engine Yard Cloud runtime components are non proprietary, giving you the flexibility and transparency of a highly configurable and open platform. A variety of customization options are available for the configuration, deployment and management of your application environment. Chief Executive Officer John Dillon\nJohn brings extensive experience in OnDemand software to Emergence Capital. John has thirty years of experience building successful technology companies.\nHe began his career as a Systems Engineer for Electronic Data Systems (NYSE: EDS) and then moved into a variety of sales management positions for various high tech companies including Oracle Corporation (NYSE: ORCL). During the past 15 years, John has served as President and Chief Executive Officer for Hyperion Solutions (NYSE: HYSL), and then as CEO for Salesforce.com (NYSE: CRM), the leading supplier of Customer Relationship Management systems. Beginning in 2002, John served as CEO for Navis, LLC, a private company, specializing in software systems for operating large Marine Container Terminals and distribution centers. In 2007, he sold Navis to Zebra Technology and in 2008 completed its transition to a subsidiary within Zebra focused on real time location, asset management and resource optimization solutions. Chief Technology Officer Rob Walters\nRob has over 20 years experience using and creating technology to solve business problems. Before joining Engine Yard, Rob was Vice President of Cloud Product at SunGard Availability Services where he was responsible for cloud strategy and delivery. He has held product roles in the cloud/managed services space at The Planet (now SoftLayer) and Rackspace, and before that in enterprise software, with HP and EMC. Rob has a BS in Psychology from the University of Westminster, an MS in Computer Science from the University of London and an MBA from Cornell University. Chief Technology Officer\nCTO, co founder at Engine Yard Director Jeff Lunsford\nCEO of Tealium, Inc. Chairman & CEO of Limelight Networks (Nasdaq: LLNW) 2006 2012. CEO of WebSideStory (Nasdaq: WSSI), sold to Omniture, 2002 2006. CEO of TogetherSoft, sold to Borland, 2002. SVP Corporate Development for S1 Corporation (Nasdaq: SONE), 1996 2002. Director Mitch Lasky\nMitch Lasky is a general partner at [Benchmark](http://www.benchmark.com/) and has spent more than two decades in the mobile gaming, new media and interactive entertainment businesses. Prior to joining Benchmark, Mitch served as executive vice president of Mobile and Online at Electronic Arts. Previously, he was chairman and chief executive officer of JAMDAT Mobile, Inc (NASDAQ: JMDT), the leading global publisher of wireless entertainment applications, which he joined as a startup in 2000, took public in 2004, and sold to EA in 2006.\nPrior to JAMDAT, Mitch served as general manager of eCompanies Wireless LLC, a startup incubator. He also spent five years at Activision, the worlds largest game publisher, most recently as executive vice president of Worldwide Studios. Earlier in his career, Mitch practiced intellectual property law, worked at the Walt Disney Company and started a massively multiplayer online game company. Director Peter Fenton\nPeter Fenton is a General Partner at Benchmark. He joined the firm in 2006 after spending seven years as a partner with Accel Partners, where his investment interests included software, digital media, and technology enabled services.\nPrior to joining the venture capital community, he spent several years working with Silicon Valley software and high technology companies as an entrepreneur and strategy consultant. He was an early employee at Virage, a multimedia information retrieval company that went public on the NASDAQ in 2000. Peter also worked as a management consultant at Bain & Company in San Francisco, where he advised high technology businesses in Silicon Valley on their product and business strategies.\nPeter currently serves on the board of DotCloud, Elasticsearch, EngineYard, HortonWorks, Lithium, New Relic, Polyvore, Twitter, Yelp (IPO: YELP), Zendesk and Zuora. Chief Financial Officer", "URL": "https://icrowdnewswire.com/2019/07/16/engine-yard-is-the-leading-platform-as-a-service-paas-empowering-software-application-innovation-more-rapidly-easily-and-cost-effectively/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "3M AUSTRALIA PTY LTD", "industry": "Industrial Products", "segment": "Commercial", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Oracle Corporation", "intensity": 12.0, "score": 15656, "relationshipStrength": "Satisfactory", "news": [{"Title": "Business Intelligence (BI) In Healthcare Market, Innovation Technology, Trends, Demand, Specification, Business Development, Clinical Applications, Outlook Forecast 2024", "Text": "September 5, 2019 Business Intelligence (Bi) In Healthcare Market Business Intelligence In Healthcare Market (BI) Healthcare Estimated At About $2.4 Million In 2013, Is Expected To Reach More Than $4.7 Million By 2018, Growing At A Compound Annual Growth Rate Of 14.8 Percent Over The Period.\nMarket Research Future (MRFR) announces the publication of its research report \u2013 Global Healthcare Business Intelligence Market, 2018\u20132023. The Global Healthcare Business Intelligence (BI) Market Held A Market Value Of USD 3,650.1 Million In 2017 And Is Projected To Grow At A CAGR Of 15.5% Over The Forecast Period.\nFactors characterizing the market growth are the emergence of big data in the healthcare industry, rising demand to curb healthcare costs and improve patient outcomes, a surging number of patient registries, and increasing adoption of data driven decision making. In contrast, the complexity of systems and the dearth of skilled personnel in the Asia Pacific and African regions are anticipated to limit the adoption of BI in healthcare space over the forecast period.\nFree Sample Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/7544\nSome Of The Leading Players In The Global Healthcare Business Intelligence Market Are : Oracle Corporation, SAS Institute, Tableau Software, MicroStrategy Incorporated, Qlik Technologies, Information Builders, Sisense, Yellowfin International Pty Ltd, and BOARD International S.A.\nCurrently, the global healthcare business intelligence market is led by numerous key players. The major value contributors in the market are implementing miscellaneous growth strategies such as new product launches, collaborations & partnerships, operational & geographical expansion, joint ventures, divestitures, and mergers & acquisitions.\nFor instance, in March 2018, International Business Machines (IBM) Corporation launched a new cloud for data science and engineering called Cloud Private Data. This is designed to assist healthcare enterprises to utilize data science and machine learning techniques to generate insight from data, and then engineer artificial intelligence (AI) products that put those insights into use.\nSegmentation\nThe Global Healthcare Business Intelligence Market (BI) Has Been Segmented Into Component, Function, Application, Deployment Model, End User, and Region.\nBy component, the market has been segmented into platforms, software, and services.\nOn the basis of function, the market has been divided into OLAP and visualization, performance management, and query and reporting.\nBased on application, the market has been categorized into financial analysis, clinical analysis, and operational analysis. The financial analysis is further categorized into claims processing, revenue cycle management, payment integrity and fraud, waste, and abuse, and risk adjustment and assessment. The clinical analysis segment is sub segmented into quality improvement and clinical benchmarking, clinical decision support, regulatory reporting and compliance, comparative analytics/effectiveness, and precision health. The operational analysis segment is additionally divided into inventory analysis, workforce analysis, and strategic analysis.\nBy deployment model, the market has been divided into cloud based, on premise, and hybrid. On the basis of end user, the market has been categorized into payers, providers, and others.\nRegional Analysis\nEurope would be the second largest region in the healthcare business intelligence market due to burgeoning healthcare vertical, increasing adoption of advanced medical technologies, and the presence of vendors such as SAP SE and BOARD International S.A.\nThe market in Asia Pacific is expected to exhibit comparatively higher CAGR over the forecast period owing to increasing penetration of smartphones and internet, increasing investments in the healthcare infrastructure, rapid industrialization in India, China, and Japan, and a growing number of start ups focusing on mobile application development.\nThe Middle East & Africa has the least share of the global healthcare business intelligence market. Additionally, the major market share of the region would be held by the Middle East region as the business intelligence and analytics solutions are of paramount importance to organizations in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries.\nThe global market in the Americas is segmented into two major regions, i.e., North America andtLatin America. The North American region is to witness supremacy over other regions in next five years owing to the abundant presence of business intelligence providers and advanced healthcare infrastructure, comparatively higher adoption of big data, high per capita healthcare costs, increasing cases of payment frauds in the US and Canada.\nGet Complete Report Details with Detail Tables and Figures @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/press release/healthcare business intelligence market", "URL": "http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/business-intelligence-bi-in-healthcare-market-innovation-technology-trends-demand-specification-business-development-clinical-applications-outlook-forecast-2024_425747.html"}, {"Title": "Microsoft Ignite HPE Partner Theater sessions: More of a very good thing", "Text": "UrsRenggli 3m ago\nHPE \u2013 Microsoft solutions are so impressive and deliver such outstanding results because they deliver the best from two industry leaders. In addition, they are constantly being tested and configured to make sure everything works together optimally \u2013 an outcome that may not be available when components from different vendors are purchased separately. It's definitely a case where the total is more than the sum of its parts.\nSo what happens when you add a third partner to the equation? Over the years, we have found that the capabilities and benefits of the solution are multiplied, making them unique in their ability to address specific requirements and to help our mutual customers achieve their business goals. We invite you to judge for yourself by attending any or all of the following Theater Sessions at Microsoft Ignite that spotlight joint solutions from HPE, Microsoft, and our partners. All HPE Theater Sessions are presented in HPE Booth #2549.\nPartner = Kognitiv Spark. \"SparkSecure Remote Worker Support Through Mixed Reality\" Built for the Microsoft HoloLens, RemoteSpark from Kognitiv Spark is an industrial remote worker support tool, leveraging mixed reality, that empowers field service workers and technicians to complete complex tasks accurately and effectively by connecting them to the expert resources they need, when they need them. Learn how this solution is shaping the future of work and how to extend the support experience with IoT and AI connected to on prem servers.\nPartners = Accenture and Avenade. \"Maximizing Azure with Cloud Adjacency via Accenture Hybrid Cloud.\" \u2013 The session opens with a video overview of Accenture Hybrid Cloud Adjacency and then dives into use cases and lessons learned in running Mission Critical Applications, such as SAP and Oracle, for Customers who have Microsoft Azure as a key part of their Cloud platform strategy.\nPartner = Intel. \"Microsoft, HPE and Intel make real time business insight a reality.\" \u2013 You'll meet HPE and Intel experts and hear them break down the features and value of the powerful combination of SQL Server 19, HPE Platforms, and Intel Optane Persistent Memory, the key in giving you an edge in creating powerful insights from their data.\nPartner = Intel. \"Don't let legacy infrastructure be the barrier to digital transformation.\" Learn the benefits of accelerating your migration to the latest Microsoft Windows Server 2019 and Microsoft SQL Server 2019 on 2nd Gen Intel Xeon Scalable Processors. See how your data and applications are always optimized and agile without compromising performance, security or control.\nPartner = Intel. \"Make hybrid cloud easy with Azure Stack HCI and 2nd Generation Intel Xeon Scalable Processors.\" Join us for a discussion on Microsoft Azure Stack Hybrid Cloud solutions using Intel technology to create a best in class hybrid cloud.\nPartner = PTC. \"Industrial IoT Solutions: Best Practices from POC to Expansion.\" This interactive session highlights three joint customer scenarios, focusing on the use case and benefits that customers have experienced.\nPartners = Equinix and Vigilant.IT \u2013 \"Notes from the Edge: Lessons Learned Deploying and Operating Azure Stack.\" Hybrid Cloud comes to life through the deployment of Azure Stack @Equinix with Vigilant.IT. Get implementation insights and recommendations from experience with a fully deployed and interconnected HPE Azure Stack integrated system set up for real world customer PoCs and demos in the Equinix Solution Validation Center.\nPartner = Micro Focus \u2013 \"Micro Focus + HPE: Hybrid Cloud Management with Universal Policy.\" Get a sneak peek at the new MicroFocus policy management portfolio that enables consistent, centralized policy management across your HPE resources, regardless of where they live.\nPartner = SUSE. \"Unlock SQL Server containers value with SUSE CaaS Platform.\" HPE 3PAR integrated with SUSE CaaS platform as a persistent volume backing store helps you containerize SQL server workloads seamlessly. HPE persistence memory boosts the performance of SQL Server and choice of backend storage. Learn how to run containers in a production with SUSE CaaS platform and HPE.\nNote that we will also be featuring the following three Microsoft Theater Sessions at Booth #2549:\n\"Modernize your Applications by Modernizing your Operations with Azure Hybrid Cloud\" Learn how you can use HPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack to modernize your operations while meeting application requirements such as data sovereignty and compliance; edge and disconnected scenarios, as well as high performance analytics.\n\"Digital Transformation at the Edge \u2013 with Hybrid solutions from HPE and Microsoft.\" The synergies of HPE's Converged Edge System focus with the Edgeline product line, and Microsoft's Azure IoT Edge to cloud architecture are the best in class technology platforms to support this important hybrid cloud approach. Come hear how HPE and Microsoft are working together to build solutions with the best of breed hardware and software architecture.\n\"In Memory Database: Persistent Memory Features in SQL Server 2019.\" This session focuses on new SQL 2019 In Memory Database features designed to take advantage of the capabilities offered by the latest persistent memory (PMEM) hardware.\nWant to see more of our joint partners?\nJoin us for the two luncheons at Microsoft Ignite that focus on technologies that have proven their ability to accelerate your business. The panels for each include experts from HPE and Microsoft, as well as our joint partners. The \"Accelerate your business with #HPE at the Ignite Intelligent Edge Expert Panel Luncheon\" will be held on Tuesday, November 5 from 12:00 \u2013 1:30 p.m. On Wednesday, November 6, HPE will be serving up the \"Accelerate your business with HPE at the Microsoft Ignite Hybrid Cloud Expert Panel Luncheon.\" Also held from 12:00 p.m. \u2013 1:30 p.m.\nFor more information\nComplete information on the 60+ Theatre Session we'll be presenting at Microsoft Ignite, including dates and times of the showings is available on the Microsoft Ignite page on the HPE Alliances site. The site also provides information on all of the other HPE activities at Ignite.\nI hope you'll stop by HPE booth #2549 and see how our joint HPE \u2013 Microsoft partners multiply the power of our solutions and the results you can expect from them.", "URL": "https://community.hpe.com/t5/Alliances/Microsoft-Ignite-HPE-Partner-Theater-sessions-More-of-a-very/ba-p/7068446"}, {"Title": "Cloud Supply Chain Management Market to Eyewitness Massive Growth by key players Infor, JDA Software, Descartes Systems", "Text": "August 13, 2019 Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Stay up to date with Cloud Supply Chain Management Market research offered by HTF MI. Check how key trends and emerging drivers are shaping this industry growth.\nHTF MI recently introduced Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market study with in depth overview, describing about the Product / Industry Scope and elaborates market outlook and status to 2023. The market Study is segmented by key regions which is accelerating the marketization. At present, the market is developing its presence and some of the key players from the complete study are SAP SE, Oracle Corporation, Infor, JDA Software Group, Descartes Systems Group, Manhattan Associates, Logility, Kewill, Kinaxis, HighJump, TECSYS & CloudLogix etc.\nRequest Sample of Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Research Report 2012 2024 @: https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample report/1962192 global cloud supply chain management market 7\nThe global Cloud Supply Chain Management market will reach xxx Million USD in 2019 with CAGR xx% 2019 2024. The objective of report is to define, segment, and project the market on the basis of product type, application, and region, and to describe the content about the factors influencing market dynamics, policy, economic, technology and market entry etc.\nThis report studies the Global Cloud Supply Chain Management market size, industry status and forecast, competition landscape and growth opportunity. This research report categorizes the Global Cloud Supply Chain Management market by companies, region, type and end use industry.\nBrowse 100+ market data Tables and Figures spread through Pages and in depth TOC on \" Cloud Supply Chain Management Market by Type (, Training and Consulting , Support and Maintenance & Managed Services), by End Users/Application (Food and Beverage , Healthcare and Life Sciences , Manufacturing , Retail and Wholesale , Transportation and Logistics & Others ), Organization Size, Industry, and Region \u2013 Forecast to 2023. Early buyers will receive 10% customization on comprehensive study.\nIn order to get a deeper view of Market Size, competitive landscape is provided i.e. Revenue (Million USD) by Players (2013 2018), Revenue Market Share (%) by Players (2013 2018) and further a qualitative analysis is made towards market concentration rate, product/service differences, new entrants and the technological trends in future.\nEnquire for customization in Report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry before buy/1962192 global cloud supply chain management market 7\nCompetitive Analysis: The key players are highly focusing innovation in production technologies to improve efficiency and shelf life. The best long term growth opportunities for this sector can be captured by ensuring ongoing process improvements and financial flexibility to invest in the optimal strategies. Company profile section of players such as SAP SE, Oracle Corporation, Infor, JDA Software Group, Descartes Systems Group, Manhattan Associates, Logility, Kewill, Kinaxis, HighJump, TECSYS & CloudLogix includes its basic information like legal name, website, headquarters, its market position, historical background and top 5 closest competitors by Market capitalization / revenue along with contact information. Each player/ manufacturer revenue figures, growth rate and gross profit margin is provided in easy to understand tabular format for past 5 years and a separate section on recent development like mergers, acquisition or any new product/service launch etc.\nMarket Segments: The Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market has been divided into type, application, and region. On The Basis Of Type: Training and Consulting, Support and Maintenance & Managed Services. On The Basis Of Application: Food and Beverage , Healthcare and Life Sciences , Manufacturing , Retail and Wholesale Transportation and Logistics & Others On The Basis Of Region, this report is segmented into following key geographies, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share, growth rate of Cloud Supply Chain Management in these regions, from 2013 to 2023 (forecast), covering North America (U.S. & Canada) {Market Revenue (USD Billion), Growth Analysis (%) and Opportunity Analysis} Latin America (Brazil, Mexico & Rest of Latin America) {Market Revenue (USD Billion), Growth Share (%) and Opportunity Analysis} Europe (The U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Poland, Sweden & RoE) {Market Revenue (USD Billion), Growth Share (%) and Opportunity Analysis} Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Australia, New Zealand, Rest of Asia) {Market Revenue (USD Billion), Growth Share (%) and Opportunity Analysis} Middle East & Africa (GCC, South Africa, North Africa, RoMEA) {Market Revenue (USD Billion), Growth Share (%) and Opportunity Analysis} Rest of World {Market Revenue (USD Billion), Growth Analysis (%) and Opportunity Analysis}\nBuy Single User License of Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Research Report 2012 2024 @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy now?format=1&report=1962192\nHave a look at some extracts from Table of Content\nIntroduction about Global Cloud Supply Chain Management\nGlobal Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2017 Cloud Supply Chain Management Market by Application/End Users Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Applications (2013 2023) table defined for each application/end users like [Food and Beverage , Healthcare and Life Sciences , Manufacturing , Retail and Wholesale , Transportation and Logistics & Others ] Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Sales and Growth Rate (2013 2023) Cloud Supply Chain Management Competition by Players/Suppliers, Region, Type and Application Cloud Supply Chain Management (Volume, Value and Sales Price) table defined for each geographic region defined. Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data\nAdditionally Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors list is being provided for each listed manufacturers\nMarket Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013 2018) table for each product type which include , Training and Consulting , Support and Maintenance & Managed Services Cloud Supply Chain Management Manufacturing Cost Analysis Cloud Supply Chain Management Key Raw Materials Analysis Cloud Supply Chain Management Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers, Industrial Chain Analysis Market Forecast (2018 2023)..and more in complete table of Contents\nBrowse for Full Report at: https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/1962192 global cloud supply chain management market 7\nThanks for reading this article; you can also get individual chapter wise section or region wise report version like North America, Europe or Asia.\nMedia Contact", "URL": "http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/cloud-supply-chain-management-market-to-eyewitness-massive-growth-by-key-players-infor-jda-software-descartes-systems_419158.html"}, {"Title": "Cloud Supply Chain Management 2019: Trends, Technology Demand, Growth Analysis, Key Factors, Fragmented Channels and Customized Solutions till 2028", "Text": "The Research Analysis on \"Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market\" Covers Industry Size, Share, Business Strategies and Investment Opportunities by Key Companies.\nDallas, United\nThe Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market was valued at $XX million in 2017, and analysts predict the global market size will reach $XX million by the end of 2028, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2017 and 2028.\nThis report provides detailed historical analysis of global Cloud Supply Chain Management market from 2013 2018, and provides extensive market forecasts from 2018 2028 by region/country and subsectors. It covers the sales volume, price, revenue, gross margin, historical growth and future perspectives in the Cloud Supply Chain Management market.\nThe report Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market gives detailed list of competitive analysis which gives business strategies, models, volume and a growth pattern in terms of revenue.\nLeading players of Cloud Supply Chain Management Market including:\n Cloudlogix\n Highjump\n Infor\n JDA Software Group\n Kewill\n Kinaxis\n Logility\n Manhattan Associates\n Oracle Corporation\n SAP SE\n Tecsys\n The Descartes Systems Group\nRequest a sample of Cloud Supply Chain Management Market report @ sample/2962124\nThe report covers all key parameters such as market size, share, present status and latest R&D along with the market expert comments. Key market trends, types, applications, regional information and a well curated forecast are all included in Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market report.\nCloud Supply Chain Management Market split by Type:\n Training and Consulting\n Support and Maintenance\n Managed Services\nCloud Supply Chain Management Market split by Application:\n Public Cloud\n Private Cloud\n Hybrid Cloud\nCloud Supply Chain Management Market split by Sales Channel:\n Direct Channel\n Distribution Channel\nMarket segment by Region/Country including:\nNorth America (United States, Canada and Mexico)\nEurope (Germany, UK, France, Italy, Russia and Spain etc.)\nAsia Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India, Australia and Southeast Asia etc.)\nSouth America Brazil, Argentina, Colombia and Chile etc.)\nMiddle East & Africa (South Africa, Egypt, Nigeria and Saudi Arabia etc.)\nIf you have any special requirement, please let us know and we can provide you the report as your requirement.\nDirect purchase @ https://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/2962124\nSome Points from Table of Content:\nChapter 1 Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Overview\n1.1 Cloud Supply Chain Management Definition\n1.2 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Size Status and Outlook (2013 2028)\n1.3 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Size Comparison by Region (2013 2028)\n1.4 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Size Comparison by Type (2013 2028)\n1.5 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Size Comparison by Application (2013 2028)\n1.6 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Size Comparison by Sales Channel (2013 2028)\n1.7 Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Dynamics\n1.7.1 Market Drivers/Opportunities\n1.7.2 Market Challenges/Risks\n1.7.3 Market News (Mergers/Acquisitions/ Expansion)\nChapter 2 Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Segment Analysis by Player\n2.1 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Sales and Market Share by Player (2016 2018)\n2.2 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Revenue and Market Share by Player (2016 2018)\n2.3 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Average Price by Player (2016 2018)\n2.4 Players Competition Situation & Trends\n2.5 Conclusion of Segment by Player\nChapter 3 Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Segment Analysis by Type\n3.1 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market by Type\n3.1.1 Training and Consulting\n3.1.2 Support and Maintenance\n3.1.3 Managed Services\n3.2 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Sales and Market Share by Type (2013 2018)\n3.3 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Revenue and Market Share by Type (2013 2018)\n3.4 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Average Price by Type (2013 2018)\n3.5 Leading Players of Cloud Supply Chain Management by Type in 2017\n3.6 Conclusion of Segment by Type\n..Continued\nEmail: Send Email\n 600\nPhone: +1 (214) 884 6817\nWebsite: https://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/2013 2028 report on global cloud supply chain management market by player region type application and sales channel\nSource URL: https://marketersmedia.com/cloud supply chain management market 2019 global trends technology demand growth analysis key factors fragmented channels and customized solutions till 2028/498431\nSource: MarketersMedia\nRelease ID: 498431", "URL": "http://business.wapakdailynews.com/wapakdailynews/news/read/38031051/cloud_supply_chain_management_market_2019"}, {"Title": "2019 Business Intelligence in Healthcare Market (BI) size, share, Growth, Future Trends, Gross Margin, Demands, Segmentation, Outlook-2023| At A CAGR Of 15.5% | - Medgadget", "Text": "2019 Business Intelligence in Healthcare Market (BI) size, share, Growth, Future Trends, Gross Margin, Demands, Segmentation, Outlook 2023| At A CAGR Of 15.5% July 30th, 2019 Market Research Future Releases\nBusiness Intelligence (BI) In Healthcare Market Healthcare Estimated At About $2.4 Million In 2013, Is Expected To Reach More Than $4.7 Million By 2018, Growing At A Compound Annual Growth Rate Of 14.8 Percent Over The Period.\nMarket Research Future (MRFR) announces the publication of its research report \u2013 Global Healthcare Business Intelligence Market, 2018\u20132023. The Global Healthcare Business Intelligence (BI) Market Held A Market Value Of USD 3,650.1 Million In 2017 And Is Projected To Grow At A CAGR Of 15.5% Over The Forecast Period.\nSome Of The Leading Players In The Global Healthcare Business Intelligence Market Are : Oracle Corporation, SAS Institute, Tableau Software, MicroStrategy Incorporated, Qlik Technologies, Information Builders, Sisense, Yellowfin International Pty Ltd, and BOARD International S.A.\nFactors characterizing the market growth are the emergence of big data in the healthcare industry, rising demand to curb healthcare costs and improve patient outcomes, a surging number of patient registries, and increasing adoption of data driven decision making. In contrast, the complexity of systems and the dearth of skilled personnel in the Asia Pacific and African regions are anticipated to limit the adoption of BI in healthcare space over the forecast period.\nFree Sample Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/7544\nCurrently, the global healthcare business intelligence market is led by numerous key players. The major value contributors in the market are implementing miscellaneous growth strategies such as new product launches, collaborations & partnerships, operational & geographical expansion, joint ventures, divestitures, and mergers & acquisitions.\nFor instance, in March 2018 , International Business Machines (IBM) Corporation launched a new cloud for data science and engineering called Cloud Private Data. This is designed to assist healthcare enterprises to utilize data science and machine learning techniques to generate insight from data, and then engineer artificial intelligence (AI) products that put those insights into use.\nSegmentation\nThe Global Healthcare Business Intelligence Market (BI) Has Been Segmented Into Component, Function, Application, Deployment Model, End User, and Region.\nBy component, the market has been segmented into platforms, software, and services.\nOn the basis of function, the market has been divided into OLAP and visualization, performance management, and query and reporting.\nBased on application, the market has been categorized into financial analysis, clinical analysis, and operational analysis. The financial analysis is further categorized into claims processing, revenue cycle management, payment integrity and fraud, waste, and abuse, and risk adjustment and assessment. The clinical analysis segment is sub segmented into quality improvement and clinical benchmarking, clinical decision support, regulatory reporting and compliance, comparative analytics/effectiveness, and precision health. The operational analysis segment is additionally divided into inventory analysis, workforce analysis, and strategic analysis.\nBy deployment model, the market has been divided into cloud based, on premise, and hybrid. On the basis of end user, the market has been categorized into payers, providers, and others.\nRegional Analysis\nEurope would be the second largest region in the healthcare business intelligence market due to burgeoning healthcare vertical, increasing adoption of advanced medical technologies, and the presence of vendors such as SAP SE and BOARD International S.A.\nThe market in Asia Pacific is expected to exhibit comparatively higher CAGR over the forecast period owing to increasing penetration of smartphones and internet, increasing investments in the healthcare infrastructure, rapid industrialization in India, China, and Japan, and a growing number of start ups focusing on mobile application development.\nThe Middle East & Africa has the least share of the global healthcare business intelligence market. Additionally, the major market share of the region would be held by the Middle East region as the business intelligence and analytics solutions are of paramount importance to organizations in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries.\nThe global market in the Americas is segmented into two major regions, i.e., North America andtLatin America. The North American region is to witness supremacy over other regions in next five years owing to the abundant presence of business intelligence providers and advanced healthcare infrastructure, comparatively higher adoption of big data, high per capita healthcare costs, increasing cases of payment frauds in the US and Canada.\nBrowse Complete 90 Pages Premium Research Report Enabled with 30+ Respective Tables and Figures at @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/healthcare business intelligence market 7544\nAbout Market Research Future:\nAt Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.\nMRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.\nIn order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.\nContact:", "URL": "https://www.medgadget.com/2019/07/2019-business-intelligence-in-healthcare-market-bi-size-share-growth-future-trends-gross-margin-demands-segmentation-outlook-2023-at-a-cagr-of-15-5.html"}, {"Title": "Global Workforce Analytics Market Future Trends and Scope Analysis by 2025", "Text": "Global Workforce Analytics Market Future Trends and Scope Analysis by 2025 [June 03, 2019] Global Workforce Analytics Market Future Trends and Scope Analysis by 2025 The market study covers the Workforce Analytics Market crosswise segments. It purposes at estimating the market size and the growth prospective of the market segments, such as supplier, application, organization size, business vertical, and region. The study also includes a detailed competitive analysis of the key players in the market, along with their enterprise profiles, key observations related to product and industry offerings, new developments, and key market plans. For More Details Get FREE Sample Pages of this Premium Global Report@ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample request/5124 A complete view of workforce analytics industry is provided based on definitions, product classification, applications, major players driving the global workforce analytics market share and revenue. The information in the form of graphs, pie charts will lead to an easy analysis of an industry. The market share of top leading players, their plans and business policies, growth factors will help other players in gaining useful business tactics. The forecast for global workforce analytics market information is based on the present market situation, growth opportunities, development factors, and opinion of the industry experts. An in depth analysis of the company profiles, workforce analytics market revenue at country level and its applications is conducted. The analysis of downstream buyers, sales channel, raw materials, and industry verticals is offered in this report. Segments Covered in this Premium Report: The report on global workforce analytics market covers segments such as component, deployment type, organization size, and end user. On the basis of the component, the sub markets include service and software. On the basis of deployment type, the sub markets include cloud and on premise. On the basis of organization size, the sub markets include large enterprises, and small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs). On the basis of end user, the sub markets include energy and utilities, healthcare, retail, banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI), telecom and IT, manufacturing, and other. Key Market Players (Business Overview, Products Offered, Recent Developments, SWOT Analysis, and IGR View) The report provides profiles of the companies in the market such as ADP, LLC., Cornerstone OnDemand, Beeline, Genpact Limited, GainInsights Solutions Pvt. Ltd., Nakisa, Inc., Kronos Incorporated, Oracle Corporation, PeopleFluent, Inc., Peoplestreme Pty Ltd., and Tableau Software, Inc. Browse Complete Global Report and Detailed TOC: https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/ict semiconductor/global workforce analytics market Research Methodology: The report provides deep insights into the demand forecasts, market trends, and micro and macro indicators. In addition, this report provides insights into the factors that are driving and restraining the growth in this market. Moreover, The IGR Growth Matrix analysis given in the report brings an insight into the investment areas that existing or new market players can consider. The report provides insights into the market using analytical tools such as Porter's five forces analysis and DRO analysis of the workforce analytics market. Moreover, the study highlights current market trends and provides forecast from 2019 2025. We also have highlighted future trends in the market that will affect the demand during the forecast period. Moreover, the competitive analysis given in each regional market brings an insight into the market share of the leading players.\nAs a community building service, TMCnet allows user submitted content which is not always proofed by TMCnet editors. If you feel this entry is of inferior quality or wish to report it for some reason, please forward the URL to \"webedit [AT] tmcnet [DOT] com\" with your comments.", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/06/03/8966548.htm"}, {"Title": "Global Cloud Services Market Analysis: Ken Research", "Text": "Submitted by Kenresearch. A cloud service is any IT service which is provisioned & accessed from a cloud computing provider and delivered via the internet. These services are designed to provide high flexibility in provisioning, duplicating & scaling resources to balance the requirements of users and hosted applications or solutions. Some examples are included hosted office suites & document collaboration services, online data storage & backup solutions, web based e mail services, managed technical support services, database processing, and more. The key benefits are included better security, higher speed, and flexible scaling. According to the study, \" Cloud Services Global Market Report 2019 \" the key companies operating in the global cloud services market are Akamai Technologies, International Business Machine (IBM) Corp., Yahoo Inc., Amazon Web Services, Hewlett Packard (HP), Microsoft Corp., Dell Inc., Cisco Systems, Google Cloud platform, VM Ware, Salesforce.com Inc., Nippon Telegraph And Telephone Corp., Fujitsu Limited, Infosys Limited, Capgemini SE, Rackspace, HCL Technologies Limited, SAP SE, ServiceNow, Inc., Workday Inc., Virtustream, Inc., Kamatera, Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd., NTT DATA, Oracle Corporation, Atos, Apprenda Inc., OVH, Red Hat, Inc., CloudSigma AG, Castleton Technology PLC, HPE United Kingdom, Niu Solutions, Alibaba Cloud, UCloud Information Technology, Kingsoft Corporation, Tencent Cloud, Toshiba Corporation, KDDI Corporation, Hitachi, Infosys Technologies Ltd., Zenith Infotech Limited, Tata Consultancy Services, NetApp India Pvt Ltd., DigitalOcean, SAVVIS Australia Pty Ltd, Wipro Ltd., CROC Incorporated, SiteGround. The key companies are offering concise solutions & quick turnarounds for customers. Based on the type of services, the global cloud services market is segmented into Platform as a Service ( PaaS ), Infrastructure as a Service ( IaaS ), Software as a Service (SaaS), cloud advertisement services, business process as a service, and cloud management & security services. SaaS is also known as on demand software. Based on cloud type, market is segmented into the public cloud, public cloud, community cloud, hybrid cloud and others (multi cloud, HPC cloud, distributed cloud and big data cloud). Based on application, the market is segmented into backup & recovery, managing spikes with scalability, big data analytics and Customer Relationship Management (CRM). Based on end user, the market is segmented into private organizations, healthcare, Banking, Financial Services & Insurance ( BFSI ), academics & educations, Supply Chain Management ( SCM ) and others. The cloud service market is driven by an increase in internet usage, followed by rising in the need to manage data efficiently, increase in small & medium enterprises, increase in internet penetration, low interest rate environment, rise in technology development, functional capability & anywhere access, increase in economic benefits, elevated business performance, and favorable government initiatives. However, data security & protection, lack of awareness, insecure interfaces & Application Program Interfaces (API's) and data location & administration may impact the market. Moreover, growth in developing economies and an increase in the need for Enterprise resource planning (ERP) are some major opportunities for the market. Furthermore, quantum computing and rise in demand for multi cloud are key trends of the market. Based on geography, the Asian Pacific region holds a major market share in the cloud services market owing to growth in the IT industry in the region. North America is expected to witness higher growth rate due to rapid technological advancements & IT infrastructure development over the forecast period. The market is also expected to witness substantial growth on account of technology delivers on demand and convenient access to a shared pool of data, hardware & application. To Know More, Click On The Link Below: ", "URL": "http://prsync.com/ken-research/global-cloud-services-market-analysis-ken-research-3107729/"}, {"Title": "Increase in Internet Usage Coupled With Rise in the Need to Manage Data Efficiently is Set to Drive Global Cloud Services Market: Ken Research", "Text": "Buy Now A cloud service is any IT service which is provisioned & accessed from a cloud computing provider and delivered via the internet. These services are designed to provide high flexibility in provisioning, duplicating & scaling resources to balance the requirements of users and hosted applications or solutions. Some examples are included hosted office suites & document collaboration services, online data storage & backup solutions, web based e mail services, managed technical support services, database processing, and more. The key benefits are included better security, higher speed, and flexible scaling. According to the study, \" Cloud Services Global Market Report 2019 \" the key companies operating in the global cloud services market are Akamai Technologies, International Business Machine (IBM) Corp., Yahoo Inc., Amazon Web Services, Hewlett Packard (HP), Microsoft Corp., Dell Inc., Cisco Systems, Google Cloud platform, VM Ware, Salesforce.com Inc., Nippon Telegraph And Telephone Corp., Fujitsu Limited, Infosys Limited, Capgemini SE, Rackspace, HCL Technologies Limited, SAP SE, ServiceNow, Inc., Workday Inc., Virtustream, Inc., Kamatera, Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd., NTT DATA, Oracle Corporation, Atos, Apprenda Inc., OVH, Red Hat, Inc., CloudSigma AG, Castleton Technology PLC, HPE United Kingdom, Niu Solutions, Alibaba Cloud, UCloud Information Technology, Kingsoft Corporation, Tencent Cloud, Toshiba Corporation, KDDI Corporation, Hitachi, Infosys Technologies Ltd., Zenith Infotech Limited, Tata Consultancy Services, NetApp India Pvt Ltd., DigitalOcean, SAVVIS Australia Pty Ltd, Wipro Ltd., CROC Incorporated, SiteGround. The key companies are offering concise solutions & quick turnarounds for customers. Based on the type of services, the global cloud services market is segmented into Platform as a Service (PaaS), Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Software as a Service (SaaS), cloud advertisement services, business process as a service, and cloud management & security services. SaaS is also known as on demand software. Based on cloud type, market is segmented into the public cloud, public cloud, community cloud, hybrid cloud and others (multi cloud, HPC cloud, distributed cloud and big data cloud). Based on application, the market is segmented into backup & recovery, managing spikes with scalability, big data analytics and Customer Relationship Management (CRM). Based on end user, the market is segmented into private organizations, healthcare, Banking, Financial Services & Insurance (BFSI), academics & educations, Supply Chain Management (SCM) and others. The cloud service market is driven by an increase in internet usage, followed by rising in the need to manage data efficiently, increase in small & medium enterprises, increase in internet penetration, low interest rate environment, rise in technology development, functional capability & anywhere access, increase in economic benefits, elevated business performance, and favorable government initiatives. However, data security & protection, lack of awareness, insecure interfaces & Application Program Interfaces (API's) and data location & administration may impact the market. Moreover, growth in developing economies and an increase in the need for Enterprise resource planning (ERP) are some major opportunities for the market. Furthermore, quantum computing and rise in demand for multi cloud are key trends of the market. Based on geography, the Asian Pacific region holds a major market share in the cloud services market owing to growth in the IT industry in the region. North America is expected to witness higher growth rate due to rapid technological advancements & IT infrastructure development over the forecast period. The market is also expected to witness substantial growth on account of technology delivers on demand and convenient access to a shared pool of data, hardware & application. To Know More, Click On The Link Below: ", "URL": "http://www.researchnewstoday.com/global-cloud-services-market-analysis-65191.html"}, {"Title": "Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Astonishing Growth: Oracle, Cloudlogix, Highjump, Infor, Kinaxis, Logility", "Text": "Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Astonishing Growth: Oracle, Cloudlogix, Highjump, Infor, Kinaxis, Logility\nEdison, NJ ( SBWIRE ) 03/04/2019 HTF MI released a new market study on Cloud Supply Chain Management Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Global Forecast till 2025*. Some are the key players taken under coverage for this study are Cloudlogix, Highjump, Infor, JDA Software Group, Kewill, Kinaxis, Logility, Manhattan Associates, Oracle Corporation, SAP SE, Tecsys & The Descartes Systems Group. Click to get Cloud Supply Chain Management Global Market Research Sample PDF Copy Here @: https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample report/1660377 cloud supply chain management global market #Summary: Important Features that are under offering & key highlights of the report : 1) What all companies are currently profiled in the report? Following are list of players that are currently profiled in the the report Cloudlogix, Highjump, Infor, JDA Software Group, Kewill, Kinaxis, Logility, Manhattan Associates, Oracle Corporation, SAP SE, Tecsys & The Descartes Systems Group \" US, Canada, Mexico, UK, Sweden, Germany, Spain, Russia, France, Rest of Europe, China, Japan, India, Korea, Australia, Southeast Asia, Rest of Asia & Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa buy/1660377 cloud supply chain management global market To comprehend Cloud Supply Chain Management Global market dynamics in the world mainly, the worldwide Cloud Supply Chain Management Geographical Analysis: US, Canada, Mexico, UK, Sweden, Germany, Spain, Russia, France, Rest of Europe, China, Japan, India, Korea, Australia, Southeast Asia, Rest of Asia & Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa Cloudlogix, Highjump, Infor, JDA Software Group, Kewill, Kinaxis, Logility, Manhattan Associates, Oracle Corporation, SAP SE, Tecsys & The Descartes Systems Group Cloud Supply Chain Management Global Report 2018 @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy now?format=1&report=1660377 In this study, the years considered to estimate the market size of Cloud Supply Chain Management Global are as follows: History Year: 2013 2017", "URL": "http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/cloud-supply-chain-management-market-astonishing-growth-oracle-cloudlogix-highjump-infor-kinaxis-logility-1162227.htm"}, {"Title": "Microsoft Azure- Whats In The Clouds", "Text": "Microsoft Azure: What's In The Clouds Microsoft Azure: What's In The Clouds 29 March 2019 11:53, UTC By Aleksandre B\nThe market continues to grow, companies are expanding their presence in the clouds, new technologies are organically interlinked into cloud platforms, and Microsoft Azure is one of the market leaders.\nAzure is a beautiful, and perhaps the most successful Microsoft product name. The cloud computing platform got such a bright name in 2010.\nStudy the clouds closely\nCloud service is a solution for providing clients with software and hardware computing powers. These can be servers, storages, communication channels, software environments, applications. It is possible to have all of the listed components or to customize individually.\nThere are several features of any cloud platform: resources \u2014 the supplier contains the computing infrastructure and distributes its resources to each of the consumers; connection \u2014 cloud service clients can access the platform through universal interface; independent management \u2014 the quantity and parameters of the resources of the cloud platform that each consumer needs to determine independently and receive on demand; flexibility \u2014 the provision of necessary services to the client, as well as the regulation of their characteristics occurs automatically; data on consumed resources \u2014 the cloud service provider keeps track of the resources used by the client, and provides information about them automatically in a generalized form.\nWhat is Azure Cloud\nThe Microsoft Azure platform includes more than a hundred products with the most popular ones, including the blockchain workbench: Windows and Linux virtual machines; Azure SQL Relational Database; globally distributed multi model database Azure Cosmos DB; a service for working with Azure Kubernetes cluster software containers; intelligent human interaction algorithms Cognitive Services; Windows virtual desktop; application service for mobile and web clients; PlayFab game development and management service; Serverless Architecture Computing Azure Features; service for connecting to Blockchain Workbench architecture for blockchain projects.\nOrganizations like Siemens, Adobe, Dodo Pizza, Honeywell, 3M and Toyota use the Microsoft Azure cloud platform.\nCloud competitors\nThe main rivals in the cloud computing market are AWS (Amazon's cloud platform) and Microsoft Azure. As Right Scale's research shows , Amazon's product is a leader today, but Azure is growing steadily and will soon be able to compete with AWS. However, according to Zdnet.com , in terms of annual revenue in 2018, Microsoft is still ahead of Amazon in terms of cloud services.\nThe closest competitors of the two cloud computing giants are Google, IBM, Oracle and Alibaba.\nStill, according to the mentioned study by Right Scale, most organizations are not going to put their business at risk by moving all their resources to one type of cloud service.\nCan the situation in the cloud computing market change?\nYes, it can. The developers of Microsoft Azure shouldn't rest calm while wearing the yellow jersey of the leader. AWS is a strong competitor and will not give up easily. Other large companies are developing dynamically and may soon be ready to provide services that will attract a lot of customers.\nBesides, the latest technologies and applications of cloud computing (machine learning, serverless applications, big data) require a platform that will satisfy their needs for flexibility, scalability and computing power. Without continuous improvement and intensive development, they can lose potential. Read the best crypto news analysis here! bitnewstoday.com Bitcoin, investments, regulation and other cryptocurrencies <>", "URL": "https://bitnewstoday.com/news/microsoft-azure-what-s-in-the-clouds/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "3M Company", "industry": "Industrial Products", "segment": "Enterprise", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Microsoft Corporation", "intensity": 18.0, "score": 11709, "relationshipStrength": "Satisfactory", "news": [{"Title": "Natural Language Processing 2019 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 15.7% and Forecast to 2026", "Text": "WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On \u2013\" Natural Language Processing 2019 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 15.7% and Forecast to 2026\".\nPune, India September 17, 2019 /MarketersMedia/ \u2014 Natural Language Processing Industry 2019\nDescription: \nThe global natural language processing is expected to develop at a CAGR of 15.7% during the forecast time frame. Natural language processing (NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING) is a component of artificial intelligence and it enables computers to connect with humans in their own language. For instance, natural language processing makes it workable for computers to hear speech, read text, measure sentiment, interpret it, and decide which portions are significant.\nThe primary focus of natural language processing is to limit the time taken to comprehend computer languages, such as Java, C, C++, and some more. Natural language processing is likewise used in big data analytics, because of the fact that enormous measures of data are being produced from sources like web blogs audio, social networking sites, emails, documents, and forums.\nGet a Free Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample request/4417227 global natural language processing market segment analysis opportunity For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com\nKey players\nThe significant players working in the global natural language processing are IBM Incorporation, 3M, Google, Microsoft Corporation, HPE, Apple Incorporation, Verint Systems, Dolbey Systems, SAS Institute Inc. furthermore, NetBase Solutions. These players have ventured up new product innovations and new product launches, so as to acquire attention from the customers. Additionally, the development of the market is ascribed to geographical expansion, strategic mergers and acquisitions and joint ventures and partnerships, so as to ensure long term sustenance in the market.\nThe natural language processing report gives analysis to the period from 2016 to 2026, where 2019 to 2026 is the forecast time frame with 2018 as the base year. This report on natural language processing covers a top to bottom analysis of the market including statistical and subjective data points, along with the key market drivers and opportunities and restraints that have positive or negative effects on the general global market.\nAn exclusive coverage has been accommodated market drivers and challenges and opportunities for a country level market in the respective regional segments. The report comprises a competitive analysis of the key players functioning in the market and covers top to bottom data identified with the competitive landscape of the market and the recent strategies and products that will help or affect the market in the coming years.\nThe global natural language processing market has been sectioned based on deployment, technology, type, application, and end use. Based on deployment, the market has been divided into on premise and cloud. The cloud section is additionally classified into public cloud, private cloud, and hybrid cloud. Based on technology, the market has been divided into optical character recognition (OCR), speech analytics, interactive voice response (IVR), image recognition, and others.\nThe type fragment is additionally classified into statistical natural language processing, rule based natural language processing, and hybrid natural language processing. Based on applications, the market can be classified into report generation, information extraction, machine translation, and others. Based on end use, the natural language processing market can be sectioned into automotive, retail and consumer goods, healthcare, banking, financial services and insurance, government, and others.\nThe optical character recognition portion is expected to hold the biggest market portion of natural language processing in the coming years\nRecognition technologies are the most broadly used technologies in natural language processing. Greatest companies, from huge to little ventures use certain types of recognition technology like interactive voice recognition, optical character recognition, or image recognition. Recognition technology is basically used for machine translation and information extraction.\nThe speech analytics section is expected to observe the quickest development during the forecast time frame Speech analytics enables users to settle on genuine business decisions by giving quicker and inside and out investigations of voice data. Speech analytics is increasing colossal importance among different ventures across the world, since the old style text based analytics used by companies can't deal with complex business issues.\nA few undertakings are utilizing speech analytics to make driving edge analytics solutions in order to increase a superior comprehension of customer necessities. The on premise speech analytics is for the most part favored by organizations. This is because of the fact that organizations with complicated IT structures that require a high measure of integration with different applications, settle on the on premise speech analytics. For instance, deals support, CRM, marketing, and other technical help devices by and large support the on premise model to mitigate compatibility issues.\nEnquiry About Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/4417227 global natural language processing market segment analysis opportunity\nTable Of Contents \u2013 Major Key Points\nChapter 1 OVERVIEW AND SCOPE\nChapter 2 Executive Summary", "URL": "https://marketersmedia.com/natural-language-processing-2019-global-market-expected-to-grow-at-cagr-157-and-forecast-to-2026/88919549"}, {"Title": "Natural Language Processing Global Expected to Grow at CAGR 15.7% and Forecast to 2026", "Text": "WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On \u2013\" Natural Language Processing 2019 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 15.7% and Forecast to 2026\".\nNatural Language Processing Industry 2019\nDescription: \nThe global natural language processing is expected to develop at a CAGR of 15.7% during the forecast time frame. Natural language processing (NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING) is a component of artificial intelligence and it enables computers to connect with humans in their own language. For instance, natural language processing makes it workable for computers to hear speech, read text, measure sentiment, interpret it, and decide which portions are significant.\nThe primary focus of natural language processing is to limit the time taken to comprehend computer languages, such as Java, C, C++, and some more. Natural language processing is likewise used in big data analytics, because of the fact that enormous measures of data are being produced from sources like web blogs audio, social networking sites, emails, documents, and forums.\nGet a Free Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample request/4417227 global natural language processing market segment analysis opportunity\nFor more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com\nKey players\nThe significant players working in the global natural language processing are IBM Incorporation, 3M, Google, Microsoft Corporation, HPE, Apple Incorporation, Verint Systems, Dolbey Systems, SAS Institute Inc. furthermore, NetBase Solutions. These players have ventured up new product innovations and new product launches, so as to acquire attention from the customers. Additionally, the development of the market is ascribed to geographical expansion, strategic mergers and acquisitions and joint ventures and partnerships, so as to ensure long term sustenance in the market.\nThe natural language processing report gives analysis to the period from 2016 to 2026, where 2019 to 2026 is the forecast time frame with 2018 as the base year. This report on natural language processing covers a top to bottom analysis of the market including statistical and subjective data points, along with the key market drivers and opportunities and restraints that have positive or negative effects on the general global market.\nAn exclusive coverage has been accommodated market drivers and challenges and opportunities for a country level market in the respective regional segments. The report comprises a competitive analysis of the key players functioning in the market and covers top to bottom data identified with the competitive landscape of the market and the recent strategies and products that will help or affect the market in the coming years.\nThe global natural language processing market has been sectioned based on deployment, technology, type, application, and end use. Based on deployment, the market has been divided into on premise and cloud. The cloud section is additionally classified into public cloud, private cloud, and hybrid cloud. Based on technology, the market has been divided into optical character recognition (OCR), speech analytics, interactive voice response (IVR), image recognition, and others.\nThe type fragment is additionally classified into statistical natural language processing, rule based natural language processing, and hybrid natural language processing. Based on applications, the market can be classified into report generation, information extraction, machine translation, and others. Based on end use, the natural language processing market can be sectioned into automotive, retail and consumer goods, healthcare, banking, financial services and insurance, government, and others.\nThe optical character recognition portion is expected to hold the biggest market portion of natural language processing in the coming years\nRecognition technologies are the most broadly used technologies in natural language processing. Greatest companies, from huge to little ventures use certain types of recognition technology like interactive voice recognition, optical character recognition, or image recognition. Recognition technology is basically used for machine translation and information extraction.\nThe speech analytics section is expected to observe the quickest development during the forecast time frame\nSpeech analytics enables users to settle on genuine business decisions by giving quicker and inside and out investigations of voice data. Speech analytics is increasing colossal importance among different ventures across the world, since the old style text based analytics used by companies can't deal with complex business issues.\nA few undertakings are utilizing speech analytics to make driving edge analytics solutions in order to increase a superior comprehension of customer necessities. The on premise speech analytics is for the most part favored by organizations. This is because of the fact that organizations with complicated IT structures that require a high measure of integration with different applications, settle on the on premise speech analytics. For instance, deals support, CRM, marketing, and other technical help devices by and large support the on premise model to mitigate compatibility issues.\nEnquiry About Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/4417227 global natural language processing market segment analysis opportunity\nTable Of Contents \u2013 Major Key Points\nChapter 1 OVERVIEW AND SCOPE\nChapter 2 Executive Summary\nChapter 3 Market Insights\nChapter 4 Industry Trends\nChapter 5 Global Natural Language Processing Market, by Deployment\nContinued \nABOUT US:\nWise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of market research reports under these categories and sub categories.\nContact Info:\nName: Norah Trent\n WiseGuy Research Consultant Pvt Ltd.\nAddress: Office No.528,Amanora Chambers,Magarpatta Road,Hadapsar,Pune 411028.\nPhone: +1 646 845 9349\nWebsite: https://www.wiseguyreports.com\nSource URL: https://marketersmedia.com/natural language processing 2019 global market expected to grow at cagr 157 and forecast to 2026/88919549\n 88919549", "URL": "http://business.wapakdailynews.com/wapakdailynews/news/read/38852149/natural_language_processing_2019_global_market_expected_to_grow_at_cagr_15.7_and_forecast_to_2026"}, {"Title": "Icertis Named to Elite Forbes 2019 Cloud 100 List", "Text": "Icertis Named to Elite Forbes 2019 Cloud 100 List Icertis Named to Elite Forbes 2019 Cloud 100 List\nBELLEVUE, Wash. , Sept. 18, 2019 /PRNewswire/ Icertis , the leading provider of enterprise contract management in the cloud, today announced its inclusion in Forbes 2019 Cloud 100 , the definitive list of the top private cloud companies in the world.\nForbes recognized Icertis out of hundreds of cloud start up nominees due to its impressive customer roster of iconic global companies , award winning culture, and ground breaking vision that reimagines the contract lifecycle management (CLM) category as foundational to digital transformation.\n\"For four years now, we have ranked the best and brightest emerging companies in the cloud sector,\" said Alex Konrad , Forbes editor of The Cloud 100. \"With so many businesses growing fast in the cloud, from cybersecurity and marketing to data analytics and storage, it's harder than ever to make the Cloud 100 list \u2013 but with more elite company if you do. Congratulations to Icertis and each of the 2019 Cloud 100 honorees poised to join their ranks!\"\nThe Forbes Cloud 100, produced in partnership with Bessemer Venture Partners and Salesforce Ventures, is curated by a select judging panel made up of public cloud company CEOs that rank companies across four factors: market leadership, estimated valuation, operating metrics and people/culture.\n\"We are honored to be recognized as the only contract management start up on the Forbes Cloud 100. This is further evidence of our market leadership in the $20 billion CLM category,\" said Samir Bodas , CEO and Co founder of Icertis. \"Being named to this elite grop of fast growing, capital efficient companies further validates our strategy and vision of digitally transforming contracting \u2013 the foundation of commerce. Most importantly, this award is a testament to the success of our values driven approach to business and how that delivers real ROI for our customers.\"\nNatively built on Microsoft Azure, the Icertis Contract Management (ICM) platform turns contracts into strategic business assets, giving global enterprises powerful new capabilities to accelerate contracting, protect against risk and optimize their commercial relationships. Icertis stands out in this fast growing category by solving the hardest contract management problems on the easiest to use platform.\nThe acknowledgment by Forbes follows a string of recent announcements recognizing Icertis' product leadership, technological prowess and outstanding culture including: Being named as a finalist for 'Most Innovative Cloud Product or Service for Large Companies' in the Cloud Excellence awards, Earning the Innovation and Excellence award for \"Outstanding Service Provider\" in EMEA from the International Association for Contract & Commercial Management (IACCM), Winning three Partner of the Year awards from Microsoft, Being recognized as the top AI start up in Washington by CB Insights, and Securing a spot in the Top 100 Company to Work For in Washington list published by Seattle Business Magazine.\nFor more information about Icertis, visit www.icertis.com.\nAbout Icertis\nIcertis, the leading enterprise contract management platform in the cloud, solves the hardest contract management problems on the easiest to use platform. With Icertis, companies accelerate their business by increasing contract velocity, protect against risk by ensuring regulatory and policy compliance, and optimize their commercial relationships by maximizing revenue and reducing costs. The AI infused Icertis Contract Management (ICM) platform is used by companies like 3M , Airbus, Cognizant, Daimler, Microsoft and Sanofi to manage 5.7 million contracts in 40+ languages across 90+ countries.\nIcertis Media Contact:", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/09/18/9019470.htm"}, {"Title": "Cloud services backup: survey finds major gap between perceptions and realities", "Text": "IT disaster recovery, cloud computing and information security news Cloud services backup: survey finds major gap between perceptions and realities 08:54\nUK enterprises are placing themselves at serious risk by misunderstanding their cloud service providers' backup provisions, according to research for 4sl. In the Vanson Bourne survey of 200 large UK enterprises, the majority of senior IT decision makers believe that their cloud service providers retain backup data for much longer than they actually do.\nFor example, of the two most commonly used cloud services, 73 percent of respondents using Microsoft Office 365 Exchange Online believe data is recoverable for longer than the standard 14 days; and 92 percent of using Google Cloud incorrectly believe the service includes backup provision as standard.\nThis need not be an issue \u2013 enterprises who have made provisions for backup beyond their cloud providers' standard offerings will not be at risk. Yet worryingly, more than half of enterprises rely on the standard backup provision of at least one service provider: 46 percent of organizations using Microsoft Office 365 Exchange Online and 51 percent of those using Google Cloud Platform believe their data is recoverable for far longer than it is \u2013 exposing themselves to the risk of permanent data loss or non compliance.\n\"If this blind spot in organizations' knowledge continues, the risks of data loss and non compliance will only increase,\" said Barnaby Mote, CEO and founder of 4sl. \"The desire to pass on responsibility for backup to service providers is understandable \u2013 backup environments are becoming extremely complex, and the peace of mind that a responsible partner is managing backup can be invaluable. However, enterprises need to understand that, in the main, the standard level of backup provided for infrastructure or software as a service won't meet their needs. More than likely they'll need to invest in the expertise or services to ensure their data in the cloud is protected and retained for long enough.\"\nMore than three quarters of enterprises see handing over responsibility for backup as a benefit of adopting cloud services, although only 30 percent know their cloud service providers' backup and recovery processes in detail. However, the need for support with backups is clear \u2013 61 percent of enterprises are struggling with extremely complex backup environments. At the same time, there is a clear compliance need to ensure backup data is kept. 80 percent of enterprises say they have to retain backups for a specific length of time to meet regulatory obligations.\nWithout action, the issue is likely to intensify. Enterprise use of cloud services increased by 40 percent between 2017 and 2017, while backup environments are growing by 37 percent each year. Despite enterprises reporting they spend almost \u00a37m a year on cloud services, and \u00a33m a year on backup, they will still find fixing the issue challenging \u2013 as the growing diversity of cloud services continues to increase backup complexity. 54 percent of enterprises say that the cloud makes backup harder, while 58 percent say that the nature of the cloud \u2013 and the fact that it can be procured across the business \u2013 makes it more difficult to enforce backup policies. This is exacerbated by 66 percent of enterprises saying a lack of skills has made backup more difficult.\n\"It may seem difficult or complex, but enterprises must take control of backup,\" continued Barnaby Mote. \"At the very least, they need to understand the precise capabilities they have, and what data may be at risk. Yet they also need to understand precisely how technology advances such as microservices impact backup, and how to adapt to them. Whether they do this themselves or rely on outside help, enterprises need to act.\"", "URL": "https://www.continuitycentral.com/index.php/news/technology/4627-cloud-services-backup-survey-finds-major-gap-between-perceptions-and-cloud-realities"}, {"Title": "How hybrid cloud IT helps small businesses stay competitive", "Text": "ServerExperts 3m ago\nIs your small business struggling to keep up with large enterprises with more resources? A hybrid cloud solution can help you stretch your resources farther.\nWhether they're looking to do business with a small business or a giant enterprise, customers' expectations are the same. They don't take into account that a big company has more financial and physical resources to employ in satisfying them. Instead, they simply expect every business to deliver the same value.\nThough small businesses may lack the budgets to invest in the same in house tech solutions as enterprises, the hybrid cloud can help them meet customer needs.\nThe combination of an intelligent in house computing infrastructure and flexible cloud based solutions can help smaller companies achieve similar results, pleasing their customers just as well as their larger counterparts do. The case for the hybrid cloud\nTo understand hybrid cloud, start with that last part: cloud. Small businesses have been steadily adopting cloud solutions over the last few years as cloud computing has transitioned from being an emerging technology to being the norm. The cloud has allowed smaller businesses to access resources they would have had difficulty obtaining on their own.\nHowever, exclusively deploying IT on a public cloud or even a private cloud can lead to gradually ballooning prices and a lack of control. That's why a hybrid cloud approach involving both in house and public cloud computing is often the best strategy. Rather than an all or nothing approach, cloud computing and Hybrid IT allow you to decide how to best combine outside and in house resources to gain what you want.\nThere can be reasons to run applications inside your four walls. For example, you might have highly sensitive data that you want to retain complete control over. Or perhaps you work in a strictly regulated industry and find it difficult to locate a cloud provider that can offer a sufficient level of compliance. In such cases, an on premises deployment or a private cloud deployment would be the best choice. But these proprietary deployments can be complemented by public cloud solutions that give you more for your dollar. When to use the cloud\nA cloud service makes sense if it will save you money, increase business agility, or support a digital transformation. For instance, you may wish to rely on a cloud service when it's not cost effective to manage commonly used software internally. Take Microsoft Office as an example. To deploy Microsoft Office in house, a company would have to set up and maintain its own instance of Exchange Server. This can be demanding and require specialized expertise. By instead using Office 365, Microsoft's cloud offering, the company can have a public cloud take care of all the details, with little noticeable difference for end users.\nA cloud service can also be advantageous when software is specialized, expensive, and rarely used. A small firm might want access to a single type of technical, financial, or marketing analysis only available in a costly niche tool. Large competitors could justify the price because many employees and projects would use it, letting the business broadly amortize the cost. The small firm can't make the same fiscal argument. But a public cloud service could make it relatively inexpensive to use.\nFinally, the public cloud is useful when you want to adopt applications that require significant processing resources. Instead of constructing a large server room and spending money on additional hardware, you could run the software on a public cloud for access to the full complement of computing resources needed. Or, you could offload some of the work onto a cloud during periods of peak usage and process it in house otherwise. Preparing your infrastructure\nIn a hybrid cloud system, your cloud deployments and on premises equipment work in tandem. So, choosing a cloud also requires the right in house infrastructure. To decide exactly what you need to obtain, start by evaluating the total size of the workload that'll be running in house, including the parts that must be in communication with the cloud.\nEven if the majority of your deployment is in the cloud, the in house environment will be your foundation. It therefore must include hardware and software that offers solid security options, sufficient storage and backup, and tools to manage the entire system. The specific answer for any company depends on its particular situation, but you can use online tools to size your environment and select the hardware that provides the control, security, and simplicity you need.\nOnce you've decided what belongs on premises and what belongs in the cloud, creating the actual hybrid solution is easier than it may seem. You'll first need to install software on the server to communicate with the cloud. Then, you can set up the necessary accounts on the cloud, including storage, and add any software the cloud system may need to sync with the in house system. To conclude the process, verify that everything is working as it should. Each of these steps can be facilitated by a hardware vendor, such as Hewlett Packard Enterprise, that can furnish software tools to simplify the management tasks that keep the on premises and cloud systems working together.\nA hybrid cloud infrastructure can elevate your business to new levels of productivity and efficiency so that you can compete with the capabilities of much larger companies. To that end, carefully decide what will be run in a cloud and how to set up your in house infrastructure for hybrid IT success. Once you do, you'll be able to stretch your resources farther than ever before and compete with some of the largest organizations in your space.\nLearn more about HPE Small Business Solutions.\nDiscover affordable IT solutions for your small business\nReady to take the next step? Check out the SMB Hybrid IT for Dummies Guide. Because there are no \"dumb\" questions!\nOr are you ready to purchase? Visit the HPE Store.\nMeet Server Experts blogger Brian Mulvey, journalist. Brian has written about technology, business, and their intersection for years. He has frequently covered small businesses and enterprises, IT infrastructure, and cybersecurity, all in the context of real world commerce.\nServer Experts", "URL": "https://community.hpe.com/t5/Servers-The-Right-Compute/How-hybrid-cloud-IT-helps-small-businesses-stay-competitive/ba-p/7056464"}, {"Title": "Disjointed enterprise perceptions and cloud service provider realities", "Text": "Disjointed enterprise perceptions and cloud service provider realities 2019 14:05\nUK enterprises are placing themselves at serious risk by misunderstanding their cloud service providers' backup provisions, according to research by 4sl.\nIn the survey of 200 large UK enterprises, the majority of senior IT decision makers believe their cloud service providers retain backup data for much longer than they actually do. For instance, of the two most commonly used cloud services, 73 per cent of respondents using Microsoft Office 365 Exchange Online believe data is recoverable for longer than the standard 14 days; and 92 per cent of using Google Cloud incorrectly believe the service includes backup provision as standard.\nThis need not be an issue \u2013 enterprises who have made provisions for backup beyond their cloud providers' standard offerings will not be at risk. Yet worryingly, more than half of enterprises rely on the standard backup provision of at least one service provider. For instance, 46 per cent of organisations using Microsoft Office 365 Exchange Online and 51 per cent of those using Google Cloud Platform believe their data is recoverable for far longer than it is \u2013 exposing themselves to the risk of permanent data loss or non compliance.\nBarnaby Mote, CEO and Founder of 4sl said, \"if this blind spot in organisations' knowledge continues, the risks of data loss and non compliance will only increase. The desire to pass on responsibility for backup to service providers is understandable \u2013 backup environments are becoming extremely complex, and the peace of mind that a responsible partner is managing backup can be invaluable. However, enterprises need to understand that in the main the standard level of backup provided for infrastructure or software as a service won't meet their needs. More than likely they'll need to invest in the expertise or services to ensure their data in the cloud is protected and retained for long enough.\"\nMore than three quarters of enterprises see handing over responsibility for backup as a benefit of adopting cloud services, although only 30 per cent know their cloud service providers' backup and recovery processes in detail. However, the need for support with backups is clear \u2013 61 per cent of enterprises are struggling with extremely complex backup environments. At the same time, there is a clear compliance need to ensure backup data is kept. 80 per cent of enterprises say they have to retain backups for a specific length of time to meet regulatory obligations.\nWithout action, the issue is likely to intensify. Enterprise use of cloud services increased by 40 per cent between 2017 and 2017, while backup environments are growing by 37 per cent each year. Despite enterprises reporting they spend almost \u00a37m a year on cloud services, and \u00a33m a year on backup, they will still find fixing the issue challenging \u2013 as the growing diversity of cloud services continues to increase backup complexity. 54 per cent of enterprises say that the cloud makes backup harder, while 58 per cent say that the nature of the cloud \u2013 and the fact that it can be procured across the business \u2013 makes it more difficult to enforce backup policies. This is exacerbated by 66 per cent of enterprises saying a lack of skills has made backup more difficult.\nBarnaby added, \"it may seem difficult or complex, but enterprises must take control of backup. At the very least, they need to understand the precise capabilities they have, and what data may be at risk. Yet they also need to understand precisely how technology advances such as microservices impact backup, and how to adapt to them. Whether they do this themselves or rely on outside help, enterprises need to act.\"\nThe full 4sl report can be found at https://www.4sl.com/wp content/uploads/2019/11/research report nov 2019.pdf What equal pay looks like 50 years on Friday 15th Nov 2019 by clareb officially marked Equal Pay Day 2019 \u2013 the point in the calendar at which the average man has earned what the average woman annually. While the gender gap in the UK has been steadily closing, this year, the ON... Read More... Employers urged to prepare staff against Black Friday abuse Friday 15th Nov 2019 by clareb With retail violence and abuse incidents on the rise, retail business insurer NFU Mutual is warning employers to prepare staff for violence and abuse ahead of Black Friday sales this November and advising consumers to act with respect. The British R... Read More... Demand for flexible working solutions continue to rise Interest in co working spaces has almost doubled over the past five years, with flexible workspace now accounting for 7 per cent of total office space in the UK, according to a new report by Instant Offices. As focus shifts from a 'busine...", "URL": "http://www.oenmagazine.com/disjointed-enterprise-perceptions-and-cloud-service-provider-realities"}, {"Title": "Microsoft Ignite HPE Partner Theater sessions: More of a very good thing", "Text": "UrsRenggli 3m ago\nHPE \u2013 Microsoft solutions are so impressive and deliver such outstanding results because they deliver the best from two industry leaders. In addition, they are constantly being tested and configured to make sure everything works together optimally \u2013 an outcome that may not be available when components from different vendors are purchased separately. It's definitely a case where the total is more than the sum of its parts.\nSo what happens when you add a third partner to the equation? Over the years, we have found that the capabilities and benefits of the solution are multiplied, making them unique in their ability to address specific requirements and to help our mutual customers achieve their business goals. We invite you to judge for yourself by attending any or all of the following Theater Sessions at Microsoft Ignite that spotlight joint solutions from HPE, Microsoft, and our partners. All HPE Theater Sessions are presented in HPE Booth #2549.\nPartner = Kognitiv Spark. \"SparkSecure Remote Worker Support Through Mixed Reality\" Built for the Microsoft HoloLens, RemoteSpark from Kognitiv Spark is an industrial remote worker support tool, leveraging mixed reality, that empowers field service workers and technicians to complete complex tasks accurately and effectively by connecting them to the expert resources they need, when they need them. Learn how this solution is shaping the future of work and how to extend the support experience with IoT and AI connected to on prem servers.\nPartners = Accenture and Avenade. \"Maximizing Azure with Cloud Adjacency via Accenture Hybrid Cloud.\" \u2013 The session opens with a video overview of Accenture Hybrid Cloud Adjacency and then dives into use cases and lessons learned in running Mission Critical Applications, such as SAP and Oracle, for Customers who have Microsoft Azure as a key part of their Cloud platform strategy.\nPartner = Intel. \"Microsoft, HPE and Intel make real time business insight a reality.\" \u2013 You'll meet HPE and Intel experts and hear them break down the features and value of the powerful combination of SQL Server 19, HPE Platforms, and Intel Optane Persistent Memory, the key in giving you an edge in creating powerful insights from their data.\nPartner = Intel. \"Don't let legacy infrastructure be the barrier to digital transformation.\" Learn the benefits of accelerating your migration to the latest Microsoft Windows Server 2019 and Microsoft SQL Server 2019 on 2nd Gen Intel Xeon Scalable Processors. See how your data and applications are always optimized and agile without compromising performance, security or control.\nPartner = Intel. \"Make hybrid cloud easy with Azure Stack HCI and 2nd Generation Intel Xeon Scalable Processors.\" Join us for a discussion on Microsoft Azure Stack Hybrid Cloud solutions using Intel technology to create a best in class hybrid cloud.\nPartner = PTC. \"Industrial IoT Solutions: Best Practices from POC to Expansion.\" This interactive session highlights three joint customer scenarios, focusing on the use case and benefits that customers have experienced.\nPartners = Equinix and Vigilant.IT \u2013 \"Notes from the Edge: Lessons Learned Deploying and Operating Azure Stack.\" Hybrid Cloud comes to life through the deployment of Azure Stack @Equinix with Vigilant.IT. Get implementation insights and recommendations from experience with a fully deployed and interconnected HPE Azure Stack integrated system set up for real world customer PoCs and demos in the Equinix Solution Validation Center.\nPartner = Micro Focus \u2013 \"Micro Focus + HPE: Hybrid Cloud Management with Universal Policy.\" Get a sneak peek at the new MicroFocus policy management portfolio that enables consistent, centralized policy management across your HPE resources, regardless of where they live.\nPartner = SUSE. \"Unlock SQL Server containers value with SUSE CaaS Platform.\" HPE 3PAR integrated with SUSE CaaS platform as a persistent volume backing store helps you containerize SQL server workloads seamlessly. HPE persistence memory boosts the performance of SQL Server and choice of backend storage. Learn how to run containers in a production with SUSE CaaS platform and HPE.\nNote that we will also be featuring the following three Microsoft Theater Sessions at Booth #2549:\n\"Modernize your Applications by Modernizing your Operations with Azure Hybrid Cloud\" Learn how you can use HPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack to modernize your operations while meeting application requirements such as data sovereignty and compliance; edge and disconnected scenarios, as well as high performance analytics.\n\"Digital Transformation at the Edge \u2013 with Hybrid solutions from HPE and Microsoft.\" The synergies of HPE's Converged Edge System focus with the Edgeline product line, and Microsoft's Azure IoT Edge to cloud architecture are the best in class technology platforms to support this important hybrid cloud approach. Come hear how HPE and Microsoft are working together to build solutions with the best of breed hardware and software architecture.\n\"In Memory Database: Persistent Memory Features in SQL Server 2019.\" This session focuses on new SQL 2019 In Memory Database features designed to take advantage of the capabilities offered by the latest persistent memory (PMEM) hardware.\nWant to see more of our joint partners?\nJoin us for the two luncheons at Microsoft Ignite that focus on technologies that have proven their ability to accelerate your business. The panels for each include experts from HPE and Microsoft, as well as our joint partners. The \"Accelerate your business with #HPE at the Ignite Intelligent Edge Expert Panel Luncheon\" will be held on Tuesday, November 5 from 12:00 \u2013 1:30 p.m. On Wednesday, November 6, HPE will be serving up the \"Accelerate your business with HPE at the Microsoft Ignite Hybrid Cloud Expert Panel Luncheon.\" Also held from 12:00 p.m. \u2013 1:30 p.m.\nFor more information\nComplete information on the 60+ Theatre Session we'll be presenting at Microsoft Ignite, including dates and times of the showings is available on the Microsoft Ignite page on the HPE Alliances site. The site also provides information on all of the other HPE activities at Ignite.\nI hope you'll stop by HPE booth #2549 and see how our joint HPE \u2013 Microsoft partners multiply the power of our solutions and the results you can expect from them.", "URL": "https://community.hpe.com/t5/Alliances/Microsoft-Ignite-HPE-Partner-Theater-sessions-More-of-a-very/ba-p/7068446"}, {"Title": "Cloud Natural Language Processing (NLP) Market Forecasts By Key Players: SAP, SAS, Convergys, Amazon Web Services, Apple, 3M, Verint Systems, Interactions LLC, Facebook, Fuji Xerox, Google, HP, IBM, Microsoft, Nuance Communications", "Text": "14. Digital Reasoning 15. Interactions LLC Media & advertisement and the retail sector is also one of the major end users of the the cloud natural language processing market solutions. They are leveraging NLP capabilities along with social media analytics modules and CRM solutions for lead generation and brand recognition. Furthermore, increasing interest of the market players towards these industry verticals is also backing the growth of the market. IBM, HP, SAS and EasyAsk are providing NLP tools such as sentiment analysis and text analysis to these industry sectors.Make an inquiry for buying this report @ www.gminsights.com/inquiry before buying/2202 Cloud Natural Language Processing Market growth is driven by the increasing use of NLP technology across several industries such as BFSI, IT & telecommunication, media & advertisement and healthcare. BFSI sector is utilizing NLP technology for text mining, solving queries, machine translation applications for cross boarder payments, and foreign exchange. Similarly, hospitals, diagnostic and daycare centers are also widely adopting these solutions for managing notes and documents, analyzing transcriptions, and reduce human error. Besides, they also assist in reducing medication errors and manages Health Information Management systems for large hospitals. the cloud natural language processing market in healthcare applications are estimated to exhibit higher growth rate than other industry verticals. Healthcare organizations are widely adopting NLP solutions for analyzing clinical transcriptions, managing medical notes, and documentation purposes. Furthermore, these solutions also assist in reducing medication errors and adverse drug events by managing Health Information Management (HIM) systems. In addition, implementation of ICD 10 regulation and adoption of auto coding technology in healthcare is further estimated to fuel the demand in the healthcare sector.Growing adoption of the big data technologies such as Hadoop and IoT among organizations along with popularity of cloud deployment is one of the major factors that are fueling the growth of the digital data. Digital data is estimated to grow at a rate of 40% for next 10 years and by the year 2020 data generation is expected to reach 44 zettabytes per year. As the data increases, it leads to the requirement of an effective analytics solution to process the information, therefore, driving the cloud natural language processing market growth.Browse key industry insights spread across 230 pages with 348 market data tables & 42 figures & charts from the report, Cloud Natural Language Processing (NLP) Market in detail along with the table of contents: www.gminsights.com/industry analysis/cloud natural langua... Cloud natural language processing market is anticipated to experience substantial growth owing to the increasing investment in AI technology. AI has emerged as one of the most advanced technologies in the wide range of applications ranging from robotics to machine learning to advanced analytics. The technology assists organizations in extracting powerful insights to drive faster business decisions in e commerce, marketing, competitive intelligence, product management and several other areas of business to close the gap between insights and action. As AI matures, vendors will shift more towards the technology along with the conventional analytics platform, which is estimated to fuel investments. Public cloud NLP market is analyzed to be the leading deployment model owing to the low cost and scalability offered by the public cloud deployment. On the other hand, hybrid cloud is estimated to witness high growth at over 19% CAGR during the forecast timeline as it offers benefits of both public and private cloud models. Top Key Players in the Cloud Natural Language Processing (NLP) Market are 3M, Apple, Amazon Web Services, Convergys, Digital Reasoning, Dolbey, Facebook, Fuji Xerox, Google, HP, IBM, Interactions LLC, Lexalytics Inc., Microsoft, Netbase Solutions Pty Ltd, Nuance Communications, SAP, SAS, and Verint Systems.Browse Related Reports: www.gminsights.com/industry analysis/artificial intellige... About Global Market Insights Global Market Insights, Inc., headquartered in Delaware, U.S., is a global market research and consulting service provider; offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals, advanced materials, technology, renewable energy and biotechnology.Contact Us", "URL": "https://www.openpr.com/news/1470160/Cloud-Natural-Language-Processing-NLP-Market-Forecasts-By-Key-Players-SAP-SAS-Convergys-Amazon-Web-Services-Apple-3M-Verint-Systems-Interactions-LLC-Facebook-Fuji-Xerox-Google-HP-IBM-Microsoft-Nuance-Communications.html"}, {"Title": "Microsoft Azure- Whats In The Clouds", "Text": "Microsoft Azure: What's In The Clouds Microsoft Azure: What's In The Clouds 29 March 2019 11:53, UTC By Aleksandre B\nThe market continues to grow, companies are expanding their presence in the clouds, new technologies are organically interlinked into cloud platforms, and Microsoft Azure is one of the market leaders.\nAzure is a beautiful, and perhaps the most successful Microsoft product name. The cloud computing platform got such a bright name in 2010.\nStudy the clouds closely\nCloud service is a solution for providing clients with software and hardware computing powers. These can be servers, storages, communication channels, software environments, applications. It is possible to have all of the listed components or to customize individually.\nThere are several features of any cloud platform: resources \u2014 the supplier contains the computing infrastructure and distributes its resources to each of the consumers; connection \u2014 cloud service clients can access the platform through universal interface; independent management \u2014 the quantity and parameters of the resources of the cloud platform that each consumer needs to determine independently and receive on demand; flexibility \u2014 the provision of necessary services to the client, as well as the regulation of their characteristics occurs automatically; data on consumed resources \u2014 the cloud service provider keeps track of the resources used by the client, and provides information about them automatically in a generalized form.\nWhat is Azure Cloud\nThe Microsoft Azure platform includes more than a hundred products with the most popular ones, including the blockchain workbench: Windows and Linux virtual machines; Azure SQL Relational Database; globally distributed multi model database Azure Cosmos DB; a service for working with Azure Kubernetes cluster software containers; intelligent human interaction algorithms Cognitive Services; Windows virtual desktop; application service for mobile and web clients; PlayFab game development and management service; Serverless Architecture Computing Azure Features; service for connecting to Blockchain Workbench architecture for blockchain projects.\nOrganizations like Siemens, Adobe, Dodo Pizza, Honeywell, 3M and Toyota use the Microsoft Azure cloud platform.\nCloud competitors\nThe main rivals in the cloud computing market are AWS (Amazon's cloud platform) and Microsoft Azure. As Right Scale's research shows , Amazon's product is a leader today, but Azure is growing steadily and will soon be able to compete with AWS. However, according to Zdnet.com , in terms of annual revenue in 2018, Microsoft is still ahead of Amazon in terms of cloud services.\nThe closest competitors of the two cloud computing giants are Google, IBM, Oracle and Alibaba.\nStill, according to the mentioned study by Right Scale, most organizations are not going to put their business at risk by moving all their resources to one type of cloud service.\nCan the situation in the cloud computing market change?\nYes, it can. The developers of Microsoft Azure shouldn't rest calm while wearing the yellow jersey of the leader. AWS is a strong competitor and will not give up easily. Other large companies are developing dynamically and may soon be ready to provide services that will attract a lot of customers.\nBesides, the latest technologies and applications of cloud computing (machine learning, serverless applications, big data) require a platform that will satisfy their needs for flexibility, scalability and computing power. Without continuous improvement and intensive development, they can lose potential. Read the best crypto news analysis here! bitnewstoday.com Bitcoin, investments, regulation and other cryptocurrencies <>", "URL": "https://bitnewstoday.com/news/microsoft-azure-what-s-in-the-clouds/"}, {"Title": "Cloud Computing for Healthcare: The Essential Guide", "Text": "As members of a highly regulated industry, healthcare organizations have moved into cloud computing carefully. Nevertheless, IDC estimated that healthcare organizations would invest $13.6 billion in cloud technologies between 2018 and 2019 \u2013 a hefty increase over the prior period.\nIn the healthcare industry, there is considerable concern for the protection of personally identifiable information (PII) since healthcare records include the patient's name, address, social security number and medical history. If that information is abused or misused, a healthcare company could face private actions, class actions and regulatory fines. In a cloud computing context, machine learning or data analytics is applied to the data, though cloud computing and cloud storage tend to go together for efficiency purposes.\nOver the years, the healthcare industry has been undergoing digital transformation, as Big Data and healthcare grow increasingly intertwined. As part of the transformation, paper healthcare records are being replaced (and have largely been replaced) by electronic healthcare records, or EHRs. Sometimes those records are anonymized for research purposes, such as to determine the leading factors leading to hospital readmission.\nMany healthcare organizations take advantage of cloud computing for research purposes, whether working on gene sequencing, the molecular structure of a new drug or determining disease patterns. Using cloud resources, they are able to achieve more in shorter time frames and at lower costs than using traditional computing resources. More recently, researchers are also taking advantage of the machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities cloud computing providers offer, which is contributing to new discoveries. https://o1.qnsr.com/log/p.gif?;n=203;c=204651744;s=9478;x=7936;f=201802271700250;u=j;z=TIMESTAMP;a=20403940;e=i Examples: How Healthcare Providers Use the Cloud\nHealthcare organizations use cloud computing in myriad ways. Several Amazon Web Services customers are a good example: 3M uses cloud to provision compute resources faster, deploy software faster and analyze the total cost, quality and outcomes for patients and populations. Global pharmaceutical company Allergan runs 400 product websites and marketing applications in the cloud. Medical imagining solution provider Arterys can render multidimensional models of the heart in 10 minutes versus the industry standard of 90 minutes. Pharmaceutical company Bristol Meyers Squibb is able to run clinical trial simulations 98% faster than in its previous environment. The DC Health Benefit Exchange Authority is able to instantly deploy software that enables enrollment as a service solutions for healthcare customers. It's saving $1.8 million annually. NexGen Healthcare runs its mission critical applications in the cloud. Health information exchange and healthcare integration solution provider Orion Health used the cloud to scale its platform which is now capable of handling millions of patient records. Biotechnology company Sequence Bio uses cloud to compete genetic data and to help identify patterns across disease and genetic groups. UC Santa Cruz Genomics Institute processes 20,000 cancer samples in days instead of months, saving hundreds of thousands of dollars. Governance, risk and compliance platform provider Verge Health shortened the time to deploy Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) compliant development environments from three weeks to a few minutes. Benefits and Advantages Scalability/Flexibility. Cloud computing resources can be dynamically scaled as necessary to meet compute needs. The rise of medical and healthcare IoT devices can dramatically increase the amount of data a healthcare company handles. As the amount of data and data types grow, so does the associated complexity of what can be analyzed and the number of possible correlations. Capacity. Cloud computing capacity rivals supercomputers, albeit at a lower cost. Collaboration. Pharmaceutical companies, universities and other researchers use cloud computing to facilitate more effective and timely collaboration. AI and Machine Learning. Large cloud providers offer AI and machine learning capabilities that enable healthcare companies to learn more about patients and populations. Some types of machine learning, specifically, unsupervised learning and deep learning, are able to identify patterns that humans have not previously identified. Security and Compliance. The largest cloud providers including Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure invest more in security than any one company is capable of doing for itself. Some security is provided in basic services, though organizations in the healthcare industry tend to need additional security and HIPAA compliance to meet their needs which the major cloud providers offer. Reliability. Cloud environments are redundant so if one location fails, another can take its place. This results in minimal data loss and compute disruption (which can be a major time and cost factor when solving a very difficult, data intensive problem). Real time Data. As the healthcare industry has become more digital, its ability to process information has accelerated. Rather than tracking patient data in batch format, organizations are increasingly monitoring patients in real time so they can affect intervention faster which improves patient health outcomes and can help lower the overall cost of the patient's healthcare. Cost. Cloud computing costs are far cheaper than supercomputers. Latest Technology. Cloud computing providers invest in the latest technology to stay competitive. Companies relying on their own resources must amortize the cost of existing resources and only invest in new technology as strategically and financially prudent for their own use. Faster and More Cost Efficient Research. Cloud computing environments can analyze huge amounts of data using massively parallel compute resources. The result is faster research results at significantly lower costs. Architectural Flexibility. Healthcare organizations can add cloud computing resources to improve the ROI of workloads across their architecture. Challenges and Issues HIPAA Compliance. The major cloud providers offer healthcare cloud solutions that include HIPAA compliance. Smaller cloud providers may not do the same. GDPR Compliance. Many top cloud providers comply with the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Microsoft, for instance, provides GDPR compliance tools for Azure. Implementation. Moving compute workloads to the cloud requires knowledge of how the different in house data center and cloud environments differ and how that changes the company's cost and risk profile. Security. Although the major cloud providers provide robust security services, it is possible to misconfigure a cloud based resource in a manner that exposes sensitive data. Also, no solution, cloud or otherwise, is absolutely secure since hackers are always innovating. Outages. Cloud computing environments experience outages despite their inherent redundancy. This factor should be considered when calculating the total cost of cloud computing vs. the total cost of other options. To do that, healthcare companies need to understand the details of cloud options. Data Ownership and Handling. Getting data into a cloud is easy, getting it out isn't always so easy. In addition, HIPAA gives patients the right to know who has handled their data. These risks must be considered and cloud service provider contracts reviewed in fine detail to ensure a healthcare organization doesn't expose itself to these risks. Future of Healthcare and the Cloud\nAs cloud computing technology innovation continues to accelerate, changing healthcare practices and IT along with it. The following are a few emerging scenarios and their likely impact on healthcare IT. Machine Learning\nThe major cloud providers provide machine learning capabilities that can rapidly advance customers' capabilities. Although businesses now understand the connection between data quality and useful analytics, the same understanding is not necessarily true for data and machine learning. Bad quality data makes for bad quality machine learning training data. Bad quality training data results in erroneous machine learning. IT will also have to become more sensitive to the various types of unintended bias that can creep in, since bias can impact the rights of individuals in very personal ways. Robotics\nRobots are finding their way into hospitals and elderly care facilities. Cloud computing providers are making it easier to design and build robots, which will mean more developers working in IT departments will be able to build robots that previously would have required knowledge they didn't possess. Since a robot is an Internet of Things (IoT) device, it uses the cloud to help process information, so security and privacy need to be considered. The use of digital twins (a digital replica of an physical asset) helps increase the reliability of IoT and other devices by comparing their ideal state to their current state. However, should robots malfunction or fail, IT would be called in to help troubleshoot and resolve the issue. Nudging\nAI systems, whether software or embedded (such as in robots) are used by marketers and other parties to change the behavior of people. In a healthcare setting, the obvious use is to help patients make healthier lifestyle choices. However, the same technology can be used to affect the opposite if hacked or designed to do so. That means an AI or a robot could be programmed or reprogrammed to encourage unhealthy lifestyle choices. Similarly, if misused, they could amplify mental health issues. IT should understand the risks. Security\nMore healthcare related IoT devices and wearables are becoming part of the modern healthcare IT fabric. Therefore, chief information security officers (CISOs) will need to be able to identify vulnerabilities, assess the threat landscape and prioritize the vulnerabilities that are most likely to be exploited \u2013 including those in the cloud. Because this task continues to become more complex with more devices, software, and hardware, IT and security teams need the right tools in place to manage security risks. Data Enhancement\nHealthcare organizations, like other organizations, will increasingly want to use third party data to supplement what they already have in place to perform more advanced forms of analysis. The additional data provides additional context, such as weather patterns that result in disease outbreaks, locations in which disease outbreaks are more likely to happen, etc. Given HIPAA, GDPR, and other regulations, it's important that data related innovation doesn't expose a healthcare organization to unnecessary risks. Voice Interfaces\nMore types of devices and medical equipment will become voice controlled and they will use the cloud for backend processing. However, voice technology is still improving \u2013 it's far from perfect. IT needs to understand how voice interfaces perform and what their limitations are, so they can troubleshoot and help provides solutions. In some cases this may require defaulting to a given language, based on the needs of a multilingual audience. Telemedicine\nAlready cloud based telemedicine is being provided to individuals living in the remote areas of developing countries, so those communities can have some type of access to healthcare. For example, a community representative can take a picture using a tablet, which is analyzed and diagnosed using an AI instance or a human healthcare provider. In developed countries, telemedicine enables an extension of services, such as psychiatric care to a patient who is unable to travel. Regardless of how telemedicine platforms and apps are designed, their back ends tend to process information using extensive cloud computing resources. Telemedicine, like video conferencing, can be disrupted by network noise or bandwidth issues. Since the failure is technology related, IT is the go to source for troubleshooting and resolution.", "URL": "https://www.datamation.com/cloud-computing/cloud-computing-for-healthcare.html"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "Oracle Corporation", "intensity": 74.0, "score": 9955, "relationshipStrength": "Satisfactory", "news": [{"Title": "Connected Workers 2019 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 20.5% and Forecast to 2027", "Text": "September 11, 2019 Connected Workers Market WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On \u2013\" Connected Workers Market Enabling Technologies, Applications, Standardization, Key Trends Forecasts 2027\".\nConnected Workers Industry 2019\nDescription : \nThe worldwide connected worker market size was esteemed at USD 1.7 billion out of 2017 and is foreseen to develop at a CAGR of 20.5% during the gauge time frame. Connected workers perform day by day work exercises through the utilization wearable technology, sensors, analytics, asset following, and field testing mobile gadget in modern and field condition. Connected worker environment improves worker security in assembling plants, treatment facilities, mining activities, control age offices and other mechanical destinations using shrewd sensors, wellbeing vests and concentrated wearables. Connected workers utilize a brilliant gadget or wearable, which is connected to a brought together observing and control focus. The parts of connected worker environment include gadget controller, entryway controller, focal framework, area chief, analytics engine, and human machine cooperation. Connected worker biological system offers functionalities, for example, work assignments, work execution, execution investigation, and security observing. Connected worker biological system improves work security, gives knowledge experiences, and offers upgraded choice help.\nGet a Free Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample request/4417147 global connected workers market report forecast to 2027\nFor more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com\nMajor Key Players Analysis: \nThe main players in the connected workers market comprise the 3M Company, Honeywell International Inc., Fujitsu Ltd., Zebra Technologies, Accenture, Oracle Corporation, Wearable Technologies Limited, Avnet, Inc., Vandrico Solutions Inc., and Smart Track S.R.L among others. These driving players are presenting creative items in the this market to take into account the developing interest for customers. Worldwide players are entering new markets in creating locales to grow their client base, reinforce market nearness, and increment their market share.\nThe smart worker market is impacted by developing need to accomplish higher proficiency, and profitability in assembling manufacturing plants and different organizations. Factors, for example, developing security concerns, and stringent guidelines with respect to workforce wellbeing sway the connected worker market development. Digitalization, automation of errands, expanding infiltration of mobile gadgets, and developing reception of BYOD has additionally cultivated the this market development. The expanding need to streamline activities to improve profitability and wellbeing has expanded the development of the market. The developing reception of cloud based advancements, and Internet of Things quickens the appropriation of connected worker biological system. Different variables driving the connected worker market incorporate mechanical headways, expanding requirement for shared workplace, developing interest for portability, and expanding prerequisite to improve workforce efficiency and wellbeing.\nThe ceaseless changes in the computerized world have reformed the general human experience. It has turned out to be basic for each business association to utilize advanced technology that can enable them to build their profitability, improve effectiveness and reduce the non beneficial workers. So as to accomplish high profit edges and higher efficiency, the associations have begun to receive connected worker arrangements that can enable them to remain connected to their work. The connected worker arrangements help the organizations to guarantee their worker's wellbeing, track them remotely and accomplish better administrative consistence. The connected worker market is extending since the connected worker arrangements are helping organizations to know about the unforeseen mishaps occurring in the field. The connected worker likewise helps with following workers while lessening the odds of blunders and expanding productivity. The expanded perceivability in the process work status given by connected worker arrangements has set off the appropriation of the connected worker in the market.\nSellers in the connected worker market are centered around growing more arrangements under connected worker that can enable associations to follow their work and increment worker profitability, in this manner helping them improve profit edges. Expanding innovative work by sellers in the market so as to add new functionalities to connected worker arrangements portfolio are key patterns in the market.\nThe worldwide Connected worker market is portioned based on part, arrangement model, end client, and locale. This market report fragments the segments into equipment, software, and administrations. The equipment fragment represented the most astounding market share in 2018. The utilization of equipment, for example, defensive materials, head insurance hardware, eyewear and hearing assurance gadgets among other wellbeing gear drives the development of this keen workers market fragment. The software portion incorporates Workforce Task Management, Workforce Analytics and Mobile Learning applications which help the organizations to dissect constant profitability of representatives.\nThe arrangement portion is ordered into On Premise, and Cloud Based. The cloud based sending portion is required to develop at a higher rate during the conjecture time frame inferable from developing appropriation of BYOD and cloud administrations. The usage of IoT, and developing entrance of mobile gadgets further backings the development of this market fragment.\nThe end client portion is separated into assembling, development, mining, oil and gas, and others. The assembling fragment represented the most elevated smart worker market share in 2017. The presentation of stringent guidelines with respect to workforce security, and developing need to give a synergistic workplace to build profitability drives the development of this market portion.\nThe worldwide connected worker market share crosswise over North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and MEA. North America is additionally sectioned into U.S., Canada, and Mexico. Europe is separated into Germany, UK, Italy, France, and Rest of Europe. Asia Pacific is bifurcated into China, India, Japan, and Rest of Asia Pacific. North America is the real locale adding to the market development because of expanding reception of IoT, and developing requirement for collective workplace. Factors, for example, streamlining business activities, and improving in general efficiency have quickened the development of the market in this locale.", "URL": "https://www.einnews.com/pr_news/496018974/connected-workers-2019-global-market-expected-to-grow-at-cagr-20-5-and-forecast-to-2027"}, {"Title": "Connected Workers Enabling Technologies, Applications, St", "Text": "\"Connected Workers Market\" WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On \" Connected Workers Market Enabling Technologies, Applications, Standardization, Key Trends Forecasts 2027\".\nConnected Workers Industry 2019\nDescription : \nThe worldwide connected worker market size was esteemed at USD 1.7 billion out of 2017 and is foreseen to develop at a CAGR of 20.5% during the gauge time frame. Connected workers perform day by day work exercises through the utilization wearable technology, sensors, analytics, asset following, and field testing mobile gadget in modern and field condition. Connected worker environment improves worker security in assembling plants, treatment facilities, mining activities, control age offices and other mechanical destinations using shrewd sensors, wellbeing vests and concentrated wearables. Connected workers utilize a brilliant gadget or wearable, which is connected to a brought together observing and control focus. The parts of connected worker environment include gadget controller, entryway controller, focal framework, area chief, analytics engine, and human machine cooperation. Connected worker biological system offers functionalities, for example, work assignments, work execution, execution investigation, and security observing. Connected worker biological system improves work security, gives knowledge experiences, and offers upgraded choice help.\nGet a Free Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample request/4417147 global connected workers market report forecast to 2027\nFor more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com\nMajor Key Players Analysis: \nThe main players in the connected workers market comprise the 3M Company, Honeywell International Inc., Fujitsu Ltd., Zebra Technologies, Accenture, Oracle Corporation, Wearable Technologies Limited, Avnet, Inc., Vandrico Solutions Inc., and Smart Track S.R.L among others. These driving players are presenting creative items in the this market to take into account the developing interest for customers. Worldwide players are entering new markets in creating locales to grow their client base, reinforce market nearness, and increment their market share.\nThe smart worker market is impacted by developing need to accomplish higher proficiency, and profitability in assembling manufacturing plants and different organizations. Factors, for example, developing security concerns, and stringent guidelines with respect to workforce wellbeing sway the connected worker market development. Digitalization, automation of errands, expanding infiltration of mobile gadgets, and developing reception of BYOD has additionally cultivated the this market development. The expanding need to streamline activities to improve profitability and wellbeing has expanded the development of the market. The developing reception of cloud based advancements, and Internet of Things quickens the appropriation of connected worker biological system. Different variables driving the connected worker market incorporate mechanical headways, expanding requirement for shared workplace, developing interest for portability, and expanding prerequisite to improve workforce efficiency and wellbeing.\nThe ceaseless changes in the computerized world have reformed the general human experience. It has turned out to be basic for each business association to utilize advanced technology that can enable them to build their profitability, improve effectiveness and reduce the non beneficial workers. So as to accomplish high profit edges and higher efficiency, the associations have begun to receive connected worker arrangements that can enable them to remain connected to their work. The connected worker arrangements help the organizations to guarantee their worker's wellbeing, track them remotely and accomplish better administrative consistence. The connected worker market is extending since the connected worker arrangements are helping organizations to know about the unforeseen mishaps occurring in the field. The connected worker likewise helps with following workers while lessening the odds of blunders and expanding productivity. The expanded perceivability in the process work status given by connected worker arrangements has set off the appropriation of the connected worker in the market.\nSellers in the connected worker market are centered around growing more arrangements under connected worker that can enable associations to follow their work and increment worker profitability, in this manner helping them improve profit edges. Expanding innovative work by sellers in the market so as to add new functionalities to connected worker arrangements portfolio are key patterns in the market.\nThe worldwide Connected worker market is portioned based on part, arrangement model, end client, and locale. This market report fragments the segments into equipment, software, and administrations. The equipment fragment represented the most astounding market share in 2018. The utilization of equipment, for example, defensive materials, head insurance hardware, eyewear and hearing assurance gadgets among other wellbeing gear drives the development of this keen workers market fragment. The software portion incorporates Workforce Task Management, Workforce Analytics and Mobile Learning applications which help the organizations to dissect constant profitability of representatives.\nThe arrangement portion is ordered into On Premise, and Cloud Based. The cloud based sending portion is required to develop at a higher rate during the conjecture time frame inferable from developing appropriation of BYOD and cloud administrations. The usage of IoT, and developing entrance of mobile gadgets further backings the development of this market fragment.\nThe end client portion is separated into assembling, development, mining, oil and gas, and others. The assembling fragment represented the most elevated smart worker market share in 2017. The presentation of stringent guidelines with respect to workforce security, and developing need to give a synergistic workplace to build profitability drives the development of this market portion.\nThe worldwide connected worker market share crosswise over North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and MEA. North America is additionally sectioned into U.S., Canada, and Mexico. Europe is separated into Germany, UK, Italy, France, and Rest of Europe. Asia Pacific is bifurcated into China, India, Japan, and Rest of Asia Pacific. North America is the real locale adding to the market development because of expanding reception of IoT, and developing requirement for collective workplace. Factors, for example, streamlining business activities, and improving in general efficiency have quickened the development of the market in this locale.\nEnquiry About Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/4417147 global connected workers market report forecast to 2027\nTable Of Contents \u2013 Major Key Points\nChapter 1 OVERVIEW AND SCOPE\nChapter 2 Executive Summary\nChapter 3 Market Insights\nChapter 4 Industry Trends\nChapter 5 Global Connected Workers Market, by Component\nChapter 6 Global Connected Workers Market, by Technology\nChapter 7 Global Connected Workers Market, by Deployment\nContinued \nABOUT US:\nWise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of market research reports under these categories and sub categories.\n Wiseguyreports.com\nContact Person: Norah Trent\n 9349, +44 208 133 9349\n www.wiseguyreports.com\n Connected Workers Market Enabling Technologies, Applications, Standardization, Key Trends Forecasts 2027", "URL": "http://www.valleyscw.com/story/41033405/connected-workers-market-enabling-technologies-applications-standardization-key-trends-forecasts-2027"}, {"Title": "Microsoft Ignite HPE Partner Theater sessions: More of a very good thing", "Text": "UrsRenggli 3m ago\nHPE \u2013 Microsoft solutions are so impressive and deliver such outstanding results because they deliver the best from two industry leaders. In addition, they are constantly being tested and configured to make sure everything works together optimally \u2013 an outcome that may not be available when components from different vendors are purchased separately. It's definitely a case where the total is more than the sum of its parts.\nSo what happens when you add a third partner to the equation? Over the years, we have found that the capabilities and benefits of the solution are multiplied, making them unique in their ability to address specific requirements and to help our mutual customers achieve their business goals. We invite you to judge for yourself by attending any or all of the following Theater Sessions at Microsoft Ignite that spotlight joint solutions from HPE, Microsoft, and our partners. All HPE Theater Sessions are presented in HPE Booth #2549.\nPartner = Kognitiv Spark. \"SparkSecure Remote Worker Support Through Mixed Reality\" Built for the Microsoft HoloLens, RemoteSpark from Kognitiv Spark is an industrial remote worker support tool, leveraging mixed reality, that empowers field service workers and technicians to complete complex tasks accurately and effectively by connecting them to the expert resources they need, when they need them. Learn how this solution is shaping the future of work and how to extend the support experience with IoT and AI connected to on prem servers.\nPartners = Accenture and Avenade. \"Maximizing Azure with Cloud Adjacency via Accenture Hybrid Cloud.\" \u2013 The session opens with a video overview of Accenture Hybrid Cloud Adjacency and then dives into use cases and lessons learned in running Mission Critical Applications, such as SAP and Oracle, for Customers who have Microsoft Azure as a key part of their Cloud platform strategy.\nPartner = Intel. \"Microsoft, HPE and Intel make real time business insight a reality.\" \u2013 You'll meet HPE and Intel experts and hear them break down the features and value of the powerful combination of SQL Server 19, HPE Platforms, and Intel Optane Persistent Memory, the key in giving you an edge in creating powerful insights from their data.\nPartner = Intel. \"Don't let legacy infrastructure be the barrier to digital transformation.\" Learn the benefits of accelerating your migration to the latest Microsoft Windows Server 2019 and Microsoft SQL Server 2019 on 2nd Gen Intel Xeon Scalable Processors. See how your data and applications are always optimized and agile without compromising performance, security or control.\nPartner = Intel. \"Make hybrid cloud easy with Azure Stack HCI and 2nd Generation Intel Xeon Scalable Processors.\" Join us for a discussion on Microsoft Azure Stack Hybrid Cloud solutions using Intel technology to create a best in class hybrid cloud.\nPartner = PTC. \"Industrial IoT Solutions: Best Practices from POC to Expansion.\" This interactive session highlights three joint customer scenarios, focusing on the use case and benefits that customers have experienced.\nPartners = Equinix and Vigilant.IT \u2013 \"Notes from the Edge: Lessons Learned Deploying and Operating Azure Stack.\" Hybrid Cloud comes to life through the deployment of Azure Stack @Equinix with Vigilant.IT. Get implementation insights and recommendations from experience with a fully deployed and interconnected HPE Azure Stack integrated system set up for real world customer PoCs and demos in the Equinix Solution Validation Center.\nPartner = Micro Focus \u2013 \"Micro Focus + HPE: Hybrid Cloud Management with Universal Policy.\" Get a sneak peek at the new MicroFocus policy management portfolio that enables consistent, centralized policy management across your HPE resources, regardless of where they live.\nPartner = SUSE. \"Unlock SQL Server containers value with SUSE CaaS Platform.\" HPE 3PAR integrated with SUSE CaaS platform as a persistent volume backing store helps you containerize SQL server workloads seamlessly. HPE persistence memory boosts the performance of SQL Server and choice of backend storage. Learn how to run containers in a production with SUSE CaaS platform and HPE.\nNote that we will also be featuring the following three Microsoft Theater Sessions at Booth #2549:\n\"Modernize your Applications by Modernizing your Operations with Azure Hybrid Cloud\" Learn how you can use HPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack to modernize your operations while meeting application requirements such as data sovereignty and compliance; edge and disconnected scenarios, as well as high performance analytics.\n\"Digital Transformation at the Edge \u2013 with Hybrid solutions from HPE and Microsoft.\" The synergies of HPE's Converged Edge System focus with the Edgeline product line, and Microsoft's Azure IoT Edge to cloud architecture are the best in class technology platforms to support this important hybrid cloud approach. Come hear how HPE and Microsoft are working together to build solutions with the best of breed hardware and software architecture.\n\"In Memory Database: Persistent Memory Features in SQL Server 2019.\" This session focuses on new SQL 2019 In Memory Database features designed to take advantage of the capabilities offered by the latest persistent memory (PMEM) hardware.\nWant to see more of our joint partners?\nJoin us for the two luncheons at Microsoft Ignite that focus on technologies that have proven their ability to accelerate your business. The panels for each include experts from HPE and Microsoft, as well as our joint partners. The \"Accelerate your business with #HPE at the Ignite Intelligent Edge Expert Panel Luncheon\" will be held on Tuesday, November 5 from 12:00 \u2013 1:30 p.m. On Wednesday, November 6, HPE will be serving up the \"Accelerate your business with HPE at the Microsoft Ignite Hybrid Cloud Expert Panel Luncheon.\" Also held from 12:00 p.m. \u2013 1:30 p.m.\nFor more information\nComplete information on the 60+ Theatre Session we'll be presenting at Microsoft Ignite, including dates and times of the showings is available on the Microsoft Ignite page on the HPE Alliances site. The site also provides information on all of the other HPE activities at Ignite.\nI hope you'll stop by HPE booth #2549 and see how our joint HPE \u2013 Microsoft partners multiply the power of our solutions and the results you can expect from them.", "URL": "https://community.hpe.com/t5/Alliances/Microsoft-Ignite-HPE-Partner-Theater-sessions-More-of-a-very/ba-p/7068446"}, {"Title": "Microsoft Azure- Whats In The Clouds", "Text": "Microsoft Azure: What's In The Clouds Microsoft Azure: What's In The Clouds 29 March 2019 11:53, UTC By Aleksandre B\nThe market continues to grow, companies are expanding their presence in the clouds, new technologies are organically interlinked into cloud platforms, and Microsoft Azure is one of the market leaders.\nAzure is a beautiful, and perhaps the most successful Microsoft product name. The cloud computing platform got such a bright name in 2010.\nStudy the clouds closely\nCloud service is a solution for providing clients with software and hardware computing powers. These can be servers, storages, communication channels, software environments, applications. It is possible to have all of the listed components or to customize individually.\nThere are several features of any cloud platform: resources \u2014 the supplier contains the computing infrastructure and distributes its resources to each of the consumers; connection \u2014 cloud service clients can access the platform through universal interface; independent management \u2014 the quantity and parameters of the resources of the cloud platform that each consumer needs to determine independently and receive on demand; flexibility \u2014 the provision of necessary services to the client, as well as the regulation of their characteristics occurs automatically; data on consumed resources \u2014 the cloud service provider keeps track of the resources used by the client, and provides information about them automatically in a generalized form.\nWhat is Azure Cloud\nThe Microsoft Azure platform includes more than a hundred products with the most popular ones, including the blockchain workbench: Windows and Linux virtual machines; Azure SQL Relational Database; globally distributed multi model database Azure Cosmos DB; a service for working with Azure Kubernetes cluster software containers; intelligent human interaction algorithms Cognitive Services; Windows virtual desktop; application service for mobile and web clients; PlayFab game development and management service; Serverless Architecture Computing Azure Features; service for connecting to Blockchain Workbench architecture for blockchain projects.\nOrganizations like Siemens, Adobe, Dodo Pizza, Honeywell, 3M and Toyota use the Microsoft Azure cloud platform.\nCloud competitors\nThe main rivals in the cloud computing market are AWS (Amazon's cloud platform) and Microsoft Azure. As Right Scale's research shows , Amazon's product is a leader today, but Azure is growing steadily and will soon be able to compete with AWS. However, according to Zdnet.com , in terms of annual revenue in 2018, Microsoft is still ahead of Amazon in terms of cloud services.\nThe closest competitors of the two cloud computing giants are Google, IBM, Oracle and Alibaba.\nStill, according to the mentioned study by Right Scale, most organizations are not going to put their business at risk by moving all their resources to one type of cloud service.\nCan the situation in the cloud computing market change?\nYes, it can. The developers of Microsoft Azure shouldn't rest calm while wearing the yellow jersey of the leader. AWS is a strong competitor and will not give up easily. Other large companies are developing dynamically and may soon be ready to provide services that will attract a lot of customers.\nBesides, the latest technologies and applications of cloud computing (machine learning, serverless applications, big data) require a platform that will satisfy their needs for flexibility, scalability and computing power. Without continuous improvement and intensive development, they can lose potential. Read the best crypto news analysis here! bitnewstoday.com Bitcoin, investments, regulation and other cryptocurrencies <>", "URL": "https://bitnewstoday.com/news/microsoft-azure-what-s-in-the-clouds/"}, {"Title": "Connected Worker Market Size Worth USD 8.9 Billion by 2026", "Text": "RSS Connected Worker Market Size Worth USD 8.9 Billion by 2026 Market Study Report Has Added A New Report On Connected Worker Market That Provides A Comprehensive Review Of This Industry With Respect To The Driving Forces Influencing The Market Size. Comprising The Current And Future Trends Defining The Dynamics Of This Industry Vertical, This Report Also Incorporates The Regional Landscape Of Connected Worker Market In Tandem With Its Competitive Terrain.\nSelbyville, DE ( SBWIRE ) 05/08/2019 The global Connected Worker Market is anticipated to reach USD 8.9 billion by 2026 according to a new research. In 2017, the hardware segment accounted for the highest Connected Worker market share in terms of revenue. Asia Pacific is expected to be the leading contributor to the global Connected Worker market revenue in 2017. Request a sample of this premium report at: https://www.marketstudyreport.com/request a sample/1695286/?utm_source=releasewire.com&utm_medium=ADS The connected worker ecosystem tracks the movements and progress of workers through planned and unplanned tasks. The devices record video and audio from the workers environment, sense environmental conditions such as the presence of gas, temperature, and vibration, and detect falls and other incidents, thereby improving workforce safety. Wearable technologies are also integrated with displays and augmented reality applications for the delivery of guidance, information and insights to workers, thereby boosting their reliability, productivity and safety. The increasing safety concerns, and stringent regulations regarding workforce safety majorly drive the Connected Worker market growth. The growing adoption of IoT, increasing broadband internet penetration, use of smartphones, and an increasing proportion of technologically inclined consumers further support the growth of the Connected Worker market. The growing need to streamline operations to improve productivity and safety would increase the adoption of connected worker during the forecast period. Other driving factors include technological advancements, increasing need for collaborative working environment, growing demand for mobility, and increasing requirement to improve workforce productivity and safety. North America generated the highest Connected Worker market share in terms of revenue in 2017, and is expected to lead the global Connected Worker market throughout the forecast period. The presence of established telecom and cloud infrastructure in this region, and growing trend of BYOD has accelerated the Connected Worker market growth in the region. The growing demand of mobile devices, automation of tasks, increasing safety concerns, and technological advancements generate numerous opportunities for the Connected Worker market. Connected technologies used in the connected worker ecosystem reduce skills gaps by providing on the job guidance for routine procedures. Plant supervisors and managers use connected worker ecosystem for effective route and task planning for current and emerging operational situations. It also offers improved communication and collaboration among workers facilitating capture and sharing of knowledge to increase productivity and efficiency. The well known companies profiled in the Connected Worker market report include the 3M Company, Intel, Wipro, Honeywell International Inc., Fujitsu Ltd., Zebra Technologies, Accenture, Oracle Corporation, Wearable Technologies Limited, Avnet, Inc., Vandrico Solutions Inc., and Smart Track S.R.L. These companies launch new products and collaborate with other market leaders to innovate and launch new products to meet the increasing needs and requirements of consumers. Table of Contents:", "URL": "http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/connected-worker-market-size-worth-usd-89-billion-by-2026-1212774.htm"}, {"Title": "DivvyCloud Enhances Industry-Leading Cloud Security With Expanded IAM Capabilities, Compliance Scorecard, and Threat Protection; Achieves 230 Percent YoY Revenue Growth", "Text": "DivvyCloud Enhances Industry Leading Cloud Security With Expanded IAM Capabilities, Compliance Scorecard, and Threat Protection; Achieves 230 Percent YoY Revenue Growth [June 24, 2019] DivvyCloud Enhances Industry Leading Cloud Security With Expanded IAM Capabilities, Compliance Scorecard, and Threat Protection; Achieves 230 Percent YoY Revenue Growth\nDivvyCloud , the leading independent provider of security and compliance automation for cloud and container environments, today announced new capabilities and technological advancements to its solution, as well as significant company growth achieved over the last 18 months. Fueled by a recent $19 million funding round and additions to the company's leadership team, DivvyCloud has achieved 230 percent year over year (YoY) revenue growth and 100 percent growth in its customer base.\n\"As companies continue to implement multi cloud strategies, they need a platform that allows them to fully embrace self service access without losing control,\" said Brian Johnson, CEO and co founder of DivvyCloud. \"Our solution uses automated remediation to minimize risks associated with misconfigurations, policy violations, threats, and Identity and Access Management (IAM) challenges, and gives enterprises a unified security posture for their multi cloud and container environments, ensuring continuous security and compliance. Our new product capabilities make this process even easier. In a market sector with enormous demand, DivvyCloud is driving innovation, solving customer pain points, and enabling customers to balance their need for innovation at speed with security.\"\nProduct Innovations\nDivvyCloud's growth in terms of revenue and customer base can be attributed to its focus on innovation and dedication to customer success. DivvyCloud has made the following enhancements to its product offering to further allow customers to strengthen and simplify security and compliance management: IAM Protection. DivvyCloud helps organizations govern IAM and adopt a unified zero trust security model across their cloud and container environments. In these environments, everything has an identity: users, applications, services, and systems. This provides enormous flexibility, but also creates the opportunity for substantial risk as every service is potentially reachable by every other one, regardless of location, but only if an implicit trust is defined. DivvyCloud's expanded capabilities help companies address this perimeter fluidity and the substantial challenges created by security professionals having to govern cloud environments at scale. With DivvyCloud, companies can protect the identity perimeter at scale through automated monitoring and remediation around access management, role management, identity authentication, and compliance auditing. Risk Assessment and Auditing. DivvyCloud helps security, governance, risk, and compliance professionals quickly assess risk and make informed decisions about how to manage and remediate risk. In order to build trust, organizations must be able to prove to executives, auditors, and stakeholders that their cloud environments are well governed. The DivvyCloud Compliance Scorecard delivers a visual representation of risk aligned with regulatory or industry standards, or customers' own corporate standards, through an interactive heat map. This heat map provides a unified view across all cloud environments and can be filtered by facets like cloud environment, account, business unit,application, risk profile, compliance standard, etc. The Compliance Scorecard assists teams of all types, including auditors, operations, security, and compliance, in identifying areas where risk exists, as well as providing guidance for acting appropriately to remediate this risk. It provides a way to prove to executives and auditors, through data, the current and historical state of security and compliance. Additionally, the Compliance Scorecard can be used to deliver actionable and understandable data to business units and teams to demonstrate where security posture improvement is necessary and how their security posture is trending. Threat Protection. DivvyCloud delivers a unified approach to monitoring and responding to threatsto cloud accounts and workloads across multiple clouds, and makes it easy to implement automation that reduces remediation and recovery time. To deliver threat protection, DivvyCloud leverages cloud service provider (CSP) services (e.g. Amazon GuardDuty) for best in class intelligent threat detection that continuously monitors for malicious activity and unauthorized behavior. For example, GuardDuty analyzes tens of billions of events across multiple AWS data sources, such as AWS CloudTrail, Amazon VPC Flow Logs, and DNS logs and helps detect activity such as crypto currency mining, credential compromise behavior, communication with known command and control servers, or API calls from known malicious IPs. When a threat is identified, DivvyCloud can perform automated remediation actions including reconfiguring cloud services, making changes to cloud infrastructure, driving human centered workflows with integration into systems like ServiceNow ( News Alert ) and Jira, and orchestrating workflow actions in other security and management systems. Company Growth\nSince its founding in 2013, DivvyCloud has experienced immense growth, which has accelerated in recent months. Specific metrics include: Two hundred percent YoY revenue growth in the past 18 months One hundred percent increase in customer base over the past 18 months, including several new marquee customers such as Twilio ( News Alert ), 3M, Autodesk, Pizza Hut, CoStar, and Kroger Only one enterprise customer has been lost in the five year history of the company while annual recurring revenue (ARR) growth from existing customers has been upwards of 30 percent proof of the immense growing value that DivvyCloud provides to its customers\nStrengthened Leadership Team\nDivvyCloud has doubled its staff in the past year, including significantly growing its engineering team to continually drive product innovation. Additionally, strategic additions to the company's leadership team include: Scott Totman, vice president of engineering. Totman leads the innovation, development, and delivery of DivvyCloud's software. Prior to joining DivvyCloud, Totman was the vice president for Capital One's ( News Alert ) Digital Products Engineering organization, which builds every digital touchpoint for Capital One customers through web and mobile platforms. Prior to Capital One, Totman worked at AOL ( News Alert ) running AIM and ICQ, the world's largest messaging platforms at the time. Rick Juneja, vice president of customer success. Juneja is focused on driving adoption of DivvyCloud's software by demonstrating value and enhancing relationships within the company's broad customer base. Juneja's experience as the senior vice president of customer success, professional services and support at OPower (acquired by Oracle ( News Alert )) will prove invaluable. During his tenure at OPower, Juneja was a key player in the company's growth from $27 million to $150 million in ARR.\nAccolades Winner in the cloud security category in the 2019 Cybersecurity Excellence Awards Recognized as the editor's choice vendor of the cloud security category in Cyber Defense Magazine's InfoSec Awards 2019 Winner of the private and public cloud compliance category in the 2019 Fortress Cyber Security Awards\nTo learn more about DivvyCloud's automated cloud security and compliance solution, visit Booth 731 at AWS re:Inforce 2019 from June 25 26 in the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center.\nAbout DivvyCloud\nDivvyCloud protects cloud and container environments from misconfigurations, policy violations, threats, and IAM challenges. With automated, real time remediation, DivvyCloud customers achieve continuous security and compliance, and can fully realize the benefits of cloud and container technology. Freedom is good. Chaos is bad. To learn more: www.divvycloud.com. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190624005005/en/", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/06/24/8977286.htm"}, {"Title": "DivvyCloud enhances its solution and announces company growth", "Text": "DivvyCloud , the leading independent provider of security and compliance automation for cloud and container environments, announced new capabilities and technological advancements to its solution, as well as significant company growth achieved over the last 18 months.\nFueled by a recent $19 million funding round and additions to the company's leadership team, DivvyCloud has achieved 230 percent year over year (YoY) revenue growth and 100 percent growth in its customer base.\n\"As companies continue to implement multi cloud strategies, they need a platform that allows them to fully embrace self service access without losing control,\" said Brian Johnson, CEO and co founder of DivvyCloud.\n\"Our solution uses automated remediation to minimize risks associated with misconfigurations, policy violations, threats, and Identity and Access Management (IAM) challenges, and gives enterprises a unified security posture for their multi cloud and container environments, ensuring continuous security and compliance.\n\"Our new product capabilities make this process even easier. In a market sector with enormous demand, DivvyCloud is driving innovation, solving customer pain points, and enabling customers to balance their need for innovation at speed with security.\" Product innovations\nDivvyCloud's growth in terms of revenue and customer base can be attributed to its focus on innovation and dedication to customer success. DivvyCloud has made the following enhancements to its product offering to further allow customers to strengthen and simplify security and compliance management:\nIAM protection. DivvyCloud helps organizations govern IAM and adopt a unified zero trust security model across their cloud and container environments. In these environments, everything has an identity: users, applications, services, and systems.\nThis provides enormous flexibility, but also creates the opportunity for substantial risk as every service is potentially reachable by every other one, regardless of location, but only if an implicit trust is defined.\nDivvyCloud's expanded capabilities help companies address this perimeter fluidity and the substantial challenges created by security professionals having to govern cloud environments at scale.\nWith DivvyCloud, companies can protect the identity perimeter at scale through automated monitoring and remediation around access management, role management, identity authentication, and compliance auditing.\nRisk assessment and auditing. DivvyCloud helps security, governance, risk, and compliance professionals quickly assess risk and make informed decisions about how to manage and remediate risk. In order to build trust, organizations must be able to prove to executives, auditors, and stakeholders that their cloud environments are well governed.\nThe DivvyCloud Compliance Scorecard delivers a visual representation of risk aligned with regulatory or industry standards, or customers' own corporate standards, through an interactive heat map.\nThis heat map provides a unified view across all cloud environments and can be filtered by facets like cloud environment, account, business unit, application, risk profile, compliance standard, etc.\nThe Compliance Scorecard assists teams of all types, including auditors, operations, security, and compliance, in identifying areas where risk exists, as well as providing guidance for acting appropriately to remediate this risk.\nIt provides a way to prove to executives and auditors, through data, the current and historical state of security and compliance. Additionally, the Compliance Scorecard can be used to deliver actionable and understandable data to business units and teams to demonstrate where security posture improvement is necessary and how their security posture is trending.\nThreat protection. DivvyCloud delivers a unified approach to monitoring and responding to threats to cloud accounts and workloads across multiple clouds, and makes it easy to implement automation that reduces remediation and recovery time.\nTo deliver threat protection, DivvyCloud leverages cloud service provider (CSP) services (e.g. Amazon GuardDuty) for best in class intelligent threat detection that continuously monitors for malicious activity and unauthorized behavior.\nFor example, GuardDuty analyzes tens of billions of events across multiple AWS data sources, such as AWS CloudTrail, Amazon VPC Flow Logs, and DNS logs and helps detect activity such as crypto currency mining, credential compromise behavior, communication with known command and control servers, or API calls from known malicious IPs.\nWhen a threat is identified, DivvyCloud can perform automated remediation actions including reconfiguring cloud services, making changes to cloud infrastructure, driving human centered workflows with integration into systems like ServiceNow and Jira, and orchestrating workflow actions in other security and management systems. Company growth\nSince its founding in 2013, DivvyCloud has experienced immense growth, which has accelerated in recent months. Specific metrics include: Two hundred percent YoY revenue growth in the past 18 months One hundred percent increase in customer base over the past 18 months, including several new marquee customers such as Twilio, 3M, Autodesk, Pizza Hut, CoStar, and Kroger Only one enterprise customer has been lost in the five year history of the company while annual recurring revenue (ARR) growth from existing customers has been upwards of 30 percent\u2013proof of the immense growing value that DivvyCloud provides to its customers Strengthened leadership team\nDivvyCloud has doubled its staff in the past year, including significantly growing its engineering team to continually drive product innovation. Additionally, strategic additions to the company's leadership team include: Scott Totman, vice president of engineering. Totman leads the innovation, development, and delivery of DivvyCloud's software. Prior to joining DivvyCloud, Totman was the vice president for Capital One's Digital Products Engineering organization, which builds every digital touchpoint for Capital One customers through web and mobile platforms. Prior to Capital One, Totman worked at AOL running AIM and ICQ, the world's largest messaging platforms at the time. Rick Juneja, vice president of customer success. Juneja is focused on driving adoption of DivvyCloud's software by demonstrating value and enhancing relationships within the company's broad customer base. Juneja's experience as the senior vice president of customer success, professional services and support at OPower (acquired by Oracle) will prove invaluable. During his tenure at OPower, Juneja was a key player in the company's growth from $27 million to $150 million in ARR. Accolades\nDivvyCloud's innovation in cloud security continues to receive recognition with wins in well known industry awards, including: Winner in the cloud security category in the 2019 Cybersecurity Excellence Awards Recognized as the editor's choice vendor of the cloud security category in Cyber Defense Magazine's InfoSec Awards 2019 Winner of the private and public cloud compliance category in the 2019 Fortress Cyber Security Awards More about", "URL": "https://www.helpnetsecurity.com/2019/06/25/divvycloud-new-capabilities-and-technological-advancements/"}, {"Title": "Oracle to lure boffins with cloud credits, see if enterprise-grade tech can speed up research", "Text": "Oracle's battle to keep from being left behind by cloudy competitors AWS and Google has taken an academic twist \u2013 it has stuck its name to a project assessing how cloud computing can be used for research.\nThe Exploring Clouds for Acceleration of Science ( E CAS ), launched at the end of 2018, is funded with $3m by the US National Science Foundation and coordinated by the nonprofit computer networking consortium Internet2.\nThe aim is to see whether, and what, benefits there are for academia in an increased use of large scale cloud computing, and whether commercial clouds are a viable option for research computing and computational science in a range of disciplines.\n\"Cloud computing has revolutionized enterprise computing over the past decade and it has the potential to provide similar impact for campus based scientific workloads,\" Internet2 said in an overview of the work.\nInitially, Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services signed up to the project, with Internet2's FAQ saying that they had \"agreed to commit significant resources to support the project\".\nAlthough it didn't give any specifics, the Internet2 had said that up to two more cloud providers \"may be welcome to join the project if they can match the commitments of Google and AWS within the first 30 days of the project\".\nAmong these are \"minimum project coordination, project support and cloud credit requirements\", and, according to Internet2 , in the first phase of the project each project is to be offered cloud support of up to $100,000 from one vendor. This is at least partially in the form of cloud credits.\nAnd it seems Oracle has put its money where AWS and GCP's mouths are \u2013 no doubt wanting to make sure it is in the mix with the big hitting cloudy vendors for a chance to get its claws into academia \u2013 since it has this week announced its own participation in the scheme.\n\"Oracle is committed to ensuring that campus challenges are met, and the research and education communities are provided with the best technology to be successful,\" Jenny Tsai Smith, vice president for curriculum development at Oracle, said in a canned statement.\nThe company's press release also included a statement from Internet2 \u2013 of which Oracle is also an industry member \u2013 that indicated another possible reason Big Red was interested in joining the research project.\n\"[The E CAS project] also aims at identifying gaps between cloud provider capabilities and the potential for what they could provide to enhance academic research; and provide initial steps in documenting patterns and leading deployment practices to share with the community,\" said Jamie Sunderland, Internet2's exec director of service development.\nWhisper the words that will make us smile.... serverless apps Hey cool, you went serverless. Now you just have to worry about all those stale functions READ MORE The main intention of the work, though, is to boost scientific discovery by looking at how commercial clouds can be integrated and optimised in an academic setting.\nIt hopes to encourage researchers to see the benefit of larger scale commercial platforms for simulation and application workflows, and see how scientific workflows can use real time analytics, machine learning, accelerated processing hardware, automation in deployment and scaling, and management of serverless applications.\nThe first phase of the E CAS project \u2013 which closed for applications last month \u2013 will provide funding for six scientific and engineering applications and workflows with cloud computing allocations and resources for development and code migration. Of these, two will be chosen for a further year of work that the NSF said in a statement would \"focus on delivering scientific results\".\nEach of the chosen projects will get an allocation of credits directly from a cloud vendor so they can \"develop appropriate cloud architectures, test software, fine tune performance, and then run the proposed workloads at scale within the execution period\". \u00ae\nTips and corrections", "URL": "https://www.theregister.co.uk/2019/03/06/oracle_to_offer_boffins_cloud_credits_to_see_if_commercial_platforms_can_speed_up_research/"}, {"Title": "What's driving the Connected Worker Market Size? Leading Key Players are 3M Company, Intel, Wipro, Honeywell International Inc., Fujitsu Ltd., Zebra Technologies, Accenture, Oracle Corporation, Wearable Technologies Limited, Avnet, Inc., Vandrico Solution", "Text": "About / FAQ Newsletter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Imprint Press release What's driving the Connected Worker Market Size? Leading Key Players are 3M Company, Intel, Wipro, Honeywell International Inc., Fujitsu Ltd., Zebra Technologies, Accenture, Oracle Corporation, Wearable Technologies Limited, Avnet, Inc., Vandrico Solution 07 03 2019 08:10 PM CET | IT, New Media & Software Press release from: marketstudyreport.com / PR Agency: Marketstudyreport Connected Worker Market MarketStudyReport.com presents the Connected Worker Market provides a detailed overview of major drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, current industry trends and strategies impacting the global market along with estimates and forecast of revenue.North America generated the highest Connected Worker market share in terms of revenue in 2017, and is expected to lead the global Connected Worker market throughout the forecast period. The presence of established telecom and cloud infrastructure in this region, and growing trend of BYOD has accelerated the Connected Worker market growth in the region. The growing demand of mobile devices, automation of tasks, increasing safety concerns, and technological advancements generate numerous opportunities for the Connected Worker market.Request a sample of this premium report at: www.marketstudyreport.com/request a sample/1695286?utm_so... The global Connected Worker Market is anticipated to reach USD 8.9 billion by 2026 according to a new research. In 2017, the hardware segment accounted for the highest Connected Worker market share in terms of revenue. Asia Pacific is expected to be the leading contributor to the global Connected Worker market revenue in 2017.The increasing safety concerns, and stringent regulations regarding workforce safety majorly drive the Connected Worker market growth. The growing adoption of IoT, increasing broadband internet penetration, use of smartphones, and an increasing proportion of technologically inclined consumers further support the growth of the Connected Worker market. The growing need to streamline operations to improve productivity and safety would increase the adoption of connected worker during the forecast period. Other driving factors include technological advancements, increasing need for collaborative working environment, growing demand for mobility, and increasing requirement to improve workforce productivity and safety.The connected worker ecosystem tracks the movements and progress of workers through planned and unplanned tasks. The devices record video and audio from the worker's environment, sense environmental conditions such as the presence of gas, temperature, and vibration, and detect falls and other incidents, thereby improving workforce safety. Wearable technologies are also integrated with displays and augmented reality applications for the delivery of guidance, information and insights to workers, thereby boosting their reliability, productivity and safety.Connected technologies used in the connected worker ecosystem reduce skills gaps by providing on the job guidance for routine procedures. Plant supervisors and managers use connected worker ecosystem for effective route and task planning for current and emerging operational situations. It also offers improved communication and collaboration among workers facilitating capture and sharing of knowledge to increase productivity and efficiency.The well known companies profiled in the Connected Worker market report include the 3M Company, Intel, Wipro, Honeywell International Inc., Fujitsu Ltd., Zebra Technologies, Accenture, Oracle Corporation, Wearable Technologies Limited, Avnet, Inc., Vandrico Solutions Inc., and Smart Track S.R.L. These companies launch new products and collaborate with other market leaders to innovate and launch new products to meet the increasing needs and requirements of consumers.Request a discount on standard prices of this premium report at: www.marketstudyreport.com/check for discount/1695286?utm_... Table of Contents", "URL": "https://www.openpr.com/news/1795727/what-s-driving-the-connected-worker-market-size-leading-key"}, {"Title": "Global Healthcare Analytics Market 2019-2027: Rise in the Demand for Population Health Analytics & Increasing Usage of Big Data Technologies - ResearchAndMarkets.com | Business & Finance | manchestertimes.com", "Text": "The \"Global Healthcare Analytics Market 2019 2027\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com 's offering.\nThe global healthcare analytics market to witness a CAGR of 16.30% over the forecasting period of 2019 2027.\nFactors such as the rise in the demand for population health analytics, increasing usage of Big Data technologies in the healthcare industry and the growth in the adoption of business intelligence drive the healthcare analytics market. However, the lack of competent professionals in the industry and concerns regarding data security and privacy management restrain the growth of the market.\nEmerging digital technologies like telehealth and rise in the opportunities in cloud based analytics solutions are factors that help to grow the market further. Despite that, the industry is facing challenges such as continued usage of prevailing analytics tools and rise in data breaches & medical identity theft cases.\nRegional Outlook\nThe global healthcare analytics market spans across five major geographies: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific and the Middle East and Africa. The healthcare analytics market in the Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market in terms of CAGR, globally. Healthcare analytics is being used to manage a large amount of data generated by healthcare providing companies in the APAC. Healthcare providers are looking at, not only local companies but also global software vendors to deal with this problem. This is driving the emerging business analytics market in the region, and this market is poised for steady growth.\nCompetitive Outlook\nThe top companies that have been studied in the market are Information Builders, Inc., Verisk Analytics, Oracle Corporation, SAS Institute, Inc., IBM Corp., Optum, Inc., MedeAnalytics, Cerner Corp., McKesson Corp., Health Catalyst, Elsevier B.V., Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. and 3M Company.\nIBM Corporation is a US based IT product and service company, headquartered in Armonk, New York. The company's cognitive solutions segment consists of Watson, which is a cognitive computing platform. IBM's cognitive solutions segment also provides data and analytics solutions, including cloud data services, data management platforms & solutions, analytics, talent management solutions and enterprise social software & solutions in various industries that include healthcare, airlines, banking and retail industries.\nIBM has a highly technical and skilled workforce across the globe to focus on to provide more innovative products & services in healthcare.\nKey Topics Covered:\n1. Global Healthcare Analytics Market Summary\n2. Industry Outlook\n2.2. Porter's Five Forces Model\n2.2.1. Threat of New Entrants\n2.2.2. Threat of Substitute\n2.2.3. Bargaining Power of Buyers\n2.2.4. Bargaining Power of Suppliers\n2.2.5. Threat of Competitive Rivalry\n2.3. Key Factors Outlook\n2.4. Attributes of Big Data in Healthcare\n2.5. Key Insight", "URL": "https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190902005137/en/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "Ping Identity Corporation", "intensity": 12.0, "score": 9943, "relationshipStrength": "Satisfactory", "news": [{"Title": "$9 billion Okta started in the cloud, but it\u2019s extending into the data center for the first time to reflect the \u2018reality\u2019 of what customers need (OKTA)", "Text": "Okta CEO and co founder Todd McKinnon Okta On Tuesday, Okta announced a product for hybrid cloud called Okta Access Gateway, which allows customers to authenticate and connect to their apps both in the cloud and on their own servers. In the cloud industry, there's a trend of companies embracing hybrid cloud \u2014 including Microsoft , which has long been a proponent of the concept, as well as Google and Amazon , which both announced new hybrid cloud offerings in the past year. Okta CEO and cofounder Todd McKinnon said that this new product is in response to customer feedback: Okta built its business on helping customers log in to cloud applications, but users wanted to be able to use the product to log in to their legacy software, too. Visit Business Insider's homepage for more stories. In the past few months, Amazon and Google have made major announcements around hybrid cloud, the concept for a combination of using the cloud and your own servers in conjunction. Now, Okta is introducing its own hybrid offering \u2014 another sign that even companies born in the cloud are recognizing that hybrid cloud is a reality. On Tuesday, Okta announced Okta Access Gateway, which allows companies to connect to their on premises applications \u2014 like those from IBM, SAP, or Oracle \u2014 using Okta's software. In other words, these companies can use Okta for all their apps, whether it's hosted on one cloud, multiple clouds, in their own data centers, or any combination therein. Okta CEO and co founder Todd McKinnon said that the company decided to launch this product in response to customer feedback: They were using Okta to log in to cloud apps like Google's G Suite or Dropbox, a business that was, and is, the company's bread and butter. But they wanted the ability to use it with more traditional apps, too. \"They wanted us to do much better with on premise applications,\" McKinnon said in a press briefing on Wednesday. \"We needed to help them with the reality instead of waiting for them to move to the cloud.\" To McKinnon's point, Alex Henderson, senior analyst at Needham, says that most enterprises are still running workloads either in their own data centers, or a combination of the cloud and data centers. According to Uptime Institute, 65% of enterprise workloads are stored in on premise data centers. \"It's about eliminating the barrier some customers might feel because the on prem applications weren't easily integrated into the Okta system,\" Henderson said. \"I think it's a very important announcement from their perspective. It eliminates that friction.\" Right now, some of Okta customers are already using Okta Access Gateway today, and the company expects it to be generally available later this year. So far, the reaction from customers has been positive, McKinnon says. \"The feedback we got yesterday was 'thank you! We're so happy,'\" McKinnon said. The move to hybrid Microsoft has bet big on the hybrid cloud for years, across the Microsoft Azure cloud and its Windows Server product line Last year, Google announced the hybrid Cloud Services Platform, which launched in beta in February. Amazon Web Services also announced its hybrid solution AWS Outposts in November, which will be available later this year. Read more: Microsoft says 'no one's even close to what we're offering' in a cloud market that Amazon and Google are only just starting to enter While Okta isn't a cloud platform in the same way as those industry heavyweights, its solution is hosted in the cloud, and primarily used with cloud services. Okta Access Gateway extends its reach into the data center. \"I look at Okta as a connective tissue in the cloud,\" Henderson said. \"It connects various applications and users and locations. If that's what you're trying to do, you need to be able to connect to things that are all cloud related, but that doesn't help you if you're a company that has 75% of your footprint on prem.\" It's worth noting that Okta's direct competitors, competitors Microsoft and Ping Identity already have products for hybrid cloud. Jonathan Ho, partner at William Blair & Company, which does business with Okta, says that previously, Okta did not have a strong solution for legacy systems in the past, and this new announcement helps close that gap. \"It's having the best of both worlds to address the on prem applications that aren't going to go away anytime soon,\" Ho told Business Insider. \"That's a pretty critical spot to fill.\" For now, many companies aren't going to take their data off of data centers, often because of regulations. With Okta, as well as AWS and Google Cloud opening up the option for their products to run on premises, it can attract more customers who otherwise wouldn't buy their products if they were only for cloud. \"It has a long tail,\" Henderson said. \"It's not going to go away. You can either ignore it, or you can remove the friction. This is about removing the friction from the customer decision.\" This is a subscriber only story. To read the full article, simply click here to claim your deal and get access to all exclusive Business Insider PRIME content. Get the latest Microsoft stock price here.", "URL": "https://www.businessinsider.com/okta-access-gateway-hybrid-cloud-2019-4"}, {"Title": "After WeWork debacle, IPO market slams brakes on unprofitable companies | News | MIX-FM", "Text": "After WeWork debacle, IPO market slams brakes on unprofitable companies Friday, September 27, 2019 12:19 p.m. EDT FILE PHOTO: The WeWork logo is displayed on the entrance of a co working space in New York City, New York U.S., January 8, 2019. REUTERS/Bre\nBy Tim McLaughlin\nBOSTON (Reuters) Companies making their debut on the U.S. stock market are getting a rough welcome, especially if they are losing money, casting a shadow over the calendar for initial public offerings for the rest of the year.\nThe surprise postponement of the WeWork IPO has underscored how confidence is eroding in the market both for companies looking to raise capital and investors.\nA more discerning market for initial public offerings continued to punish Peloton Interactive Inc on Friday, a day after it began trading, as shares of the fitness startup fell 4% to $24.74. The company is now trading 15% below its Wednesday IPO price.\nIn the past, public market investors have typically expected companies to become profitable within 18 months or so of an IPO. This timeline has been relaxed with money managers eager to add businesses with fast growing revenue to their portfolios.\nRecent deals, however, suggest an uncertain economic outlook is pushing investors to be more selective about the loss making companies they are willing to back.\nPeloton reported rapid top line growth of 110% during the fiscal year that ended June 30. But the company also showed negative operating leverage, with operating expenses surging 147% over the prior year.\nLoss making teeth alignment company SmileDirectClub earlier this month became the first U.S. IPO in three years to price above its target range and close down on its first trading day, according to research firm Renaissance Capital.\nThe average IPO return in 2019 is now about 9%, down from more than 30% at the end of June and more than 18% about two weeks ago.\nIn the United States, much of the attention in the third quarter has focused on a deal that failed to come to fruition the planned IPO of WeWork parent We Company.\nHaving aimed to launch its IPO earlier in September, the company postponed plans to list until later in 2019, before replacing its chief executive officer and saying it was reviewing its timetable to go public.\nEndeavor Group Holdings , an entertainment and talent agency company backed by Hollywood power broker Ari Emanuel with a track record of losses, made a last minute decision to abandon its IPO due to the tough market conditions. Taking a lesson from the struggles earlier in 2019 of ride hailing companies Uber Technologies and Lyft Inc , which have no stated timetable for becoming profitable, investors have started to push back on companies with a history of steep losses. \"It will be a dialogue among bankers and boards and senior management teams where they say, 'these were isolated and not comparable,' or say 'we have a sentiment shift and we need to be more conservative and use a different strategy,'\" said David Ethridge, U.S. IPO services leader at audit firm PwC. The market was more receptive to lesser known names such as cyber security company Ping Identity and cloud monitoring company Datadog Inc. Both companies have reported more modest losses and rely on selling to companies rather than to consumers.\n(Reporting By Joshua Franklin and Lance Tupper in New York; Writing by Tim McLaughlin in Boston.; Editing by Alden Bentley and Bill Berkrot) Top Stories", "URL": "https://mymixfm.com/news/articles/2019/sep/27/after-wework-debacle-ipo-market-slams-brakes-on-unprofitable-companies/941814/"}, {"Title": "Ping Identity : to Address Industry Disruption at Identiverse 2019", "Text": "Customers eBay and Royal Dutch Shell to Share Best Practices in Putting Identity at the Center of Their Security Initiatives\nCompany Experts to Address API Security, Multi Factor Authentication and More in Presentation Tracks\nPing Identity , the leader in Identity Defined Security, today announced its participation at Identiverse , taking place June 25 28 in Washington, D.C. Company experts will share best practices in working toward digital transformation, address the current state of the industry and provide ways enterprises can elevate their identity security programs. Attendees also will have an opportunity to hear from Ping Identity customers eBay and Royal Dutch Shell, as they talk through their successful deployments.\nAndre Durand\u2014Ping Identity's CEO\u2014will kick off the conference in the opening keynote on June 26 at 8:30am ET. With a focus on highlighting the importance of forecasting the timing and impact of industry disruptions, the presentation will help security professionals prioritize investments in digital identity. Attendees will walk away with knowledge to help prepare their organizations for success in volatile conditions.\nAttend the Ping Identity Speaker Tracks\nPing experts, spanning the company's product marketing, product management and engineering groups, will also speak on a variety of themes and topics, including the following:\nAPI Security Multi Factor Authentication Identity and Access Management Open Banking Identity Authentication Visit Ping Identity in the Exhibit Hall\nMake a memorable stop at Ping's booth #601 to participate in several fun activities:\nTake a virtual hot air balloon ride, showcasing updates to the Ping Intelligent Identity platform experience and cloud offerings. Learn about the company's new Pingtopia community, which brings together customer advocates. Download free trials of Ping's Cloud MFA & SSO , PingOne for Customers and PingIntelligence for APIs solutions. Visitors to the booth will have an opportunity to win one of Ping's daily raffles. And, the prizes are big this year! Each day, three winners will walk away with a $500 Southwest Airlines voucher or Visa gift cards in the denominations of $250 or $125. Participants can earn extra submissions by getting social at the Ping Identity booth\u2014just tag @pingidentity and #Identiverse on Twitter or LinkedIn.\nLearn more about Ping's presence at Identiverse, including the session tracks and themes highlighted above, in Ping's Identiverse blog.\nAbout Ping Identity\nPing Identity envisions a digital world powered by intelligent identity. We help enterprises achieve Zero Trust identity defined security and more personalized, streamlined user experiences. The Ping Intelligent Identity platform provides customers, employees and partners with access to cloud, mobile, SaaS and on premises applications and APIs, while also managing identity and profile data at scale. Over half of the Fortune 100 choose us for our identity expertise, open standards leadership, and partnership with companies including Microsoft, Amazon and Google. We provide flexible options to extend hybrid IT environments and accelerate digital business initiatives with multi factor authentication, single sign on, access management, intelligent API security, directory and data governance capabilities. Visit www.pingidentity.com.\nPing Identity Corporation\nFollow Us on Twitter: @PingIdentity\nJoin our LinkedIn Group: Ping Identity\nSubscribe to our YouTube Channel: PingIdentityTV\nLike Us on Facebook: PingIdentityPage\nView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190617005035/en/", "URL": "https://www.marketscreener.com/news/Ping-Identity-to-Address-Industry-Disruption-at-Identiverse-2019--28768248/"}, {"Title": "Ping Identity and iovation Provide User and Device Risk Management for Zero Trust Access", "Text": "announced about 1 month About PING Identity Ping Identity is the leader in Identity Defined Security for the borderless enterprise, allowing employees, customers and partners access to the applications they need. Protecting over one billion identities worldwide, the company ensures the right people access the right things, securely and seamlessly. More than half of the Fortune 100, including Boeing, Cisco, Disney, Kraft Foods, TIAA CREF and Walgreens, trust Ping Identity to solve modern enterprise security challenges created by their use of cloud, mobile, APIs and IoT. Visit www.pingidentity.com. Ping Identity and iovation Provide User and Device Risk Management for Zero Trust Access Integrations Between PingFederate and iovation FraudForce Deliver Device Reputation as Part of an Intelligent Authentication Flow\nDENVER \u2014 June 18, 2019 \u2014 Ping Identity, the leader in Identity Defined Security, today announced its combined solution with iovation, a TransUnion company, to provide customers with intelligent authentication to support Zero Trust architectures. Leveraging intelligent identity and strong authentication from Ping, with device reputation intelligence from iovation, customers can improve security and productivity for employees and partners, while also creating high quality, secure customer experiences. How Does it Work? During the authentication process, iovation FraudForce recognises the device requesting access and delivers a risk score by evaluating associated accounts, past history and suspicious behaviours tied to that device. PingFederate then steps in to leverage that risk score when making access decisions with policies to apply step up authentication where needed. For example, under normal circumstances a user should have access to a certain application. In this case, the device they're using to access the application has fraud associated with it or a related device/account. The joint solution helps ensure that Zero Trust principles, such as authenticating and authorising devices based on multiple sources of data, are followed. In response, the enterprise can tailor its handling of the increased risk by monitoring the user, limiting the type of access available or requiring a step up authentication. \"In an age of unrelenting cyberattacks and fraud attempts, assessing user and device risk is the only way to improve security,\" said Mark Batchelor, chief solutions architect, Ping Identity. \"Ping Identity and iovation are committed to delivering a broad range of risk signals and enforcement points required to achieve Zero Trust security.\" \"We're excited to work with Ping Identity to create an end to end Zero Trust access security approach with the device at its center,\" said Jon Karl, VP, corporate development, iovation, \"By using the device's riskiness as a trigger for stepped up authentication, potential cybercriminals can be kept out while providing low friction for trusted users.\" To learn more about this collaboration visit the Ping Identity booth #601 at this year's Identiverse 2019 taking place June 25 28 in Washington D.C. With an integrated demo, attendees can experience the Ping and iovation solutions in person. About iovation iovation, a TransUnion Company, was founded with a simple guiding mission: to make the Internet a safer place for people to conduct business. Since 2004, the company has been delivering against that goal, helping brands protect and engage their customers, and keeping them secure in the complex digital world. Armed with the world's largest and most precise database of reputation insights and cryptographically secure multifactor authentication methods, iovation safeguards tens of millions of digital transactions each day. Visit: https://www.iovation.com About Ping Identity Ping Identity envisions a digital world powered by intelligent identity. We help enterprises achieve Zero Trust identity defined security and more personalised, streamlined user experiences. The Ping Intelligent IdentityTM platform provides customers, employees and partners with access to cloud, mobile, SaaS and on premises applications and APIs, while also managing identity and profile data at scale. Over half of the Fortune 100 choose us for our identity expertise, open standards leadership, and partnership with companies including Microsoft, Amazon and Google. We provide flexible options to extend hybrid IT environments and accelerate digital business initiatives with multi factor authentication, single sign on, access management, intelligent API security, directory and data governance capabilities. Visit: http://www.pingidentity.com", "URL": "https://prwire.com.au/pr/84137/ping-identity-and-iovation-provide-user-and-device-risk-management-for-zero-trust-access"}, {"Title": "DivvyCloud Enhances Industry-Leading Cloud Security With Expanded IAM Capabilities, Compliance Scorecard, and Threat Protection; Achieves 230 Percent YoY Revenue Growth", "Text": "DivvyCloud Enhances Industry Leading Cloud Security With Expanded IAM Capabilities, Compliance Scorecard, and Threat Protection; Achieves 230 Percent YoY Revenue Growth [June 24, 2019] DivvyCloud Enhances Industry Leading Cloud Security With Expanded IAM Capabilities, Compliance Scorecard, and Threat Protection; Achieves 230 Percent YoY Revenue Growth\nDivvyCloud , the leading independent provider of security and compliance automation for cloud and container environments, today announced new capabilities and technological advancements to its solution, as well as significant company growth achieved over the last 18 months. Fueled by a recent $19 million funding round and additions to the company's leadership team, DivvyCloud has achieved 230 percent year over year (YoY) revenue growth and 100 percent growth in its customer base.\n\"As companies continue to implement multi cloud strategies, they need a platform that allows them to fully embrace self service access without losing control,\" said Brian Johnson, CEO and co founder of DivvyCloud. \"Our solution uses automated remediation to minimize risks associated with misconfigurations, policy violations, threats, and Identity and Access Management (IAM) challenges, and gives enterprises a unified security posture for their multi cloud and container environments, ensuring continuous security and compliance. Our new product capabilities make this process even easier. In a market sector with enormous demand, DivvyCloud is driving innovation, solving customer pain points, and enabling customers to balance their need for innovation at speed with security.\"\nProduct Innovations\nDivvyCloud's growth in terms of revenue and customer base can be attributed to its focus on innovation and dedication to customer success. DivvyCloud has made the following enhancements to its product offering to further allow customers to strengthen and simplify security and compliance management: IAM Protection. DivvyCloud helps organizations govern IAM and adopt a unified zero trust security model across their cloud and container environments. In these environments, everything has an identity: users, applications, services, and systems. This provides enormous flexibility, but also creates the opportunity for substantial risk as every service is potentially reachable by every other one, regardless of location, but only if an implicit trust is defined. DivvyCloud's expanded capabilities help companies address this perimeter fluidity and the substantial challenges created by security professionals having to govern cloud environments at scale. With DivvyCloud, companies can protect the identity perimeter at scale through automated monitoring and remediation around access management, role management, identity authentication, and compliance auditing. Risk Assessment and Auditing. DivvyCloud helps security, governance, risk, and compliance professionals quickly assess risk and make informed decisions about how to manage and remediate risk. In order to build trust, organizations must be able to prove to executives, auditors, and stakeholders that their cloud environments are well governed. The DivvyCloud Compliance Scorecard delivers a visual representation of risk aligned with regulatory or industry standards, or customers' own corporate standards, through an interactive heat map. This heat map provides a unified view across all cloud environments and can be filtered by facets like cloud environment, account, business unit,application, risk profile, compliance standard, etc. The Compliance Scorecard assists teams of all types, including auditors, operations, security, and compliance, in identifying areas where risk exists, as well as providing guidance for acting appropriately to remediate this risk. It provides a way to prove to executives and auditors, through data, the current and historical state of security and compliance. Additionally, the Compliance Scorecard can be used to deliver actionable and understandable data to business units and teams to demonstrate where security posture improvement is necessary and how their security posture is trending. Threat Protection. DivvyCloud delivers a unified approach to monitoring and responding to threatsto cloud accounts and workloads across multiple clouds, and makes it easy to implement automation that reduces remediation and recovery time. To deliver threat protection, DivvyCloud leverages cloud service provider (CSP) services (e.g. Amazon GuardDuty) for best in class intelligent threat detection that continuously monitors for malicious activity and unauthorized behavior. For example, GuardDuty analyzes tens of billions of events across multiple AWS data sources, such as AWS CloudTrail, Amazon VPC Flow Logs, and DNS logs and helps detect activity such as crypto currency mining, credential compromise behavior, communication with known command and control servers, or API calls from known malicious IPs. When a threat is identified, DivvyCloud can perform automated remediation actions including reconfiguring cloud services, making changes to cloud infrastructure, driving human centered workflows with integration into systems like ServiceNow ( News Alert ) and Jira, and orchestrating workflow actions in other security and management systems. Company Growth\nSince its founding in 2013, DivvyCloud has experienced immense growth, which has accelerated in recent months. Specific metrics include: Two hundred percent YoY revenue growth in the past 18 months One hundred percent increase in customer base over the past 18 months, including several new marquee customers such as Twilio ( News Alert ), 3M, Autodesk, Pizza Hut, CoStar, and Kroger Only one enterprise customer has been lost in the five year history of the company while annual recurring revenue (ARR) growth from existing customers has been upwards of 30 percent proof of the immense growing value that DivvyCloud provides to its customers\nStrengthened Leadership Team\nDivvyCloud has doubled its staff in the past year, including significantly growing its engineering team to continually drive product innovation. Additionally, strategic additions to the company's leadership team include: Scott Totman, vice president of engineering. Totman leads the innovation, development, and delivery of DivvyCloud's software. Prior to joining DivvyCloud, Totman was the vice president for Capital One's ( News Alert ) Digital Products Engineering organization, which builds every digital touchpoint for Capital One customers through web and mobile platforms. Prior to Capital One, Totman worked at AOL ( News Alert ) running AIM and ICQ, the world's largest messaging platforms at the time. Rick Juneja, vice president of customer success. Juneja is focused on driving adoption of DivvyCloud's software by demonstrating value and enhancing relationships within the company's broad customer base. Juneja's experience as the senior vice president of customer success, professional services and support at OPower (acquired by Oracle ( News Alert )) will prove invaluable. During his tenure at OPower, Juneja was a key player in the company's growth from $27 million to $150 million in ARR.\nAccolades Winner in the cloud security category in the 2019 Cybersecurity Excellence Awards Recognized as the editor's choice vendor of the cloud security category in Cyber Defense Magazine's InfoSec Awards 2019 Winner of the private and public cloud compliance category in the 2019 Fortress Cyber Security Awards\nTo learn more about DivvyCloud's automated cloud security and compliance solution, visit Booth 731 at AWS re:Inforce 2019 from June 25 26 in the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center.\nAbout DivvyCloud\nDivvyCloud protects cloud and container environments from misconfigurations, policy violations, threats, and IAM challenges. With automated, real time remediation, DivvyCloud customers achieve continuous security and compliance, and can fully realize the benefits of cloud and container technology. Freedom is good. Chaos is bad. To learn more: www.divvycloud.com. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190624005005/en/", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/06/24/8977286.htm"}, {"Title": "DivvyCloud enhances its solution and announces company growth", "Text": "DivvyCloud , the leading independent provider of security and compliance automation for cloud and container environments, announced new capabilities and technological advancements to its solution, as well as significant company growth achieved over the last 18 months.\nFueled by a recent $19 million funding round and additions to the company's leadership team, DivvyCloud has achieved 230 percent year over year (YoY) revenue growth and 100 percent growth in its customer base.\n\"As companies continue to implement multi cloud strategies, they need a platform that allows them to fully embrace self service access without losing control,\" said Brian Johnson, CEO and co founder of DivvyCloud.\n\"Our solution uses automated remediation to minimize risks associated with misconfigurations, policy violations, threats, and Identity and Access Management (IAM) challenges, and gives enterprises a unified security posture for their multi cloud and container environments, ensuring continuous security and compliance.\n\"Our new product capabilities make this process even easier. In a market sector with enormous demand, DivvyCloud is driving innovation, solving customer pain points, and enabling customers to balance their need for innovation at speed with security.\" Product innovations\nDivvyCloud's growth in terms of revenue and customer base can be attributed to its focus on innovation and dedication to customer success. DivvyCloud has made the following enhancements to its product offering to further allow customers to strengthen and simplify security and compliance management:\nIAM protection. DivvyCloud helps organizations govern IAM and adopt a unified zero trust security model across their cloud and container environments. In these environments, everything has an identity: users, applications, services, and systems.\nThis provides enormous flexibility, but also creates the opportunity for substantial risk as every service is potentially reachable by every other one, regardless of location, but only if an implicit trust is defined.\nDivvyCloud's expanded capabilities help companies address this perimeter fluidity and the substantial challenges created by security professionals having to govern cloud environments at scale.\nWith DivvyCloud, companies can protect the identity perimeter at scale through automated monitoring and remediation around access management, role management, identity authentication, and compliance auditing.\nRisk assessment and auditing. DivvyCloud helps security, governance, risk, and compliance professionals quickly assess risk and make informed decisions about how to manage and remediate risk. In order to build trust, organizations must be able to prove to executives, auditors, and stakeholders that their cloud environments are well governed.\nThe DivvyCloud Compliance Scorecard delivers a visual representation of risk aligned with regulatory or industry standards, or customers' own corporate standards, through an interactive heat map.\nThis heat map provides a unified view across all cloud environments and can be filtered by facets like cloud environment, account, business unit, application, risk profile, compliance standard, etc.\nThe Compliance Scorecard assists teams of all types, including auditors, operations, security, and compliance, in identifying areas where risk exists, as well as providing guidance for acting appropriately to remediate this risk.\nIt provides a way to prove to executives and auditors, through data, the current and historical state of security and compliance. Additionally, the Compliance Scorecard can be used to deliver actionable and understandable data to business units and teams to demonstrate where security posture improvement is necessary and how their security posture is trending.\nThreat protection. DivvyCloud delivers a unified approach to monitoring and responding to threats to cloud accounts and workloads across multiple clouds, and makes it easy to implement automation that reduces remediation and recovery time.\nTo deliver threat protection, DivvyCloud leverages cloud service provider (CSP) services (e.g. Amazon GuardDuty) for best in class intelligent threat detection that continuously monitors for malicious activity and unauthorized behavior.\nFor example, GuardDuty analyzes tens of billions of events across multiple AWS data sources, such as AWS CloudTrail, Amazon VPC Flow Logs, and DNS logs and helps detect activity such as crypto currency mining, credential compromise behavior, communication with known command and control servers, or API calls from known malicious IPs.\nWhen a threat is identified, DivvyCloud can perform automated remediation actions including reconfiguring cloud services, making changes to cloud infrastructure, driving human centered workflows with integration into systems like ServiceNow and Jira, and orchestrating workflow actions in other security and management systems. Company growth\nSince its founding in 2013, DivvyCloud has experienced immense growth, which has accelerated in recent months. Specific metrics include: Two hundred percent YoY revenue growth in the past 18 months One hundred percent increase in customer base over the past 18 months, including several new marquee customers such as Twilio, 3M, Autodesk, Pizza Hut, CoStar, and Kroger Only one enterprise customer has been lost in the five year history of the company while annual recurring revenue (ARR) growth from existing customers has been upwards of 30 percent\u2013proof of the immense growing value that DivvyCloud provides to its customers Strengthened leadership team\nDivvyCloud has doubled its staff in the past year, including significantly growing its engineering team to continually drive product innovation. Additionally, strategic additions to the company's leadership team include: Scott Totman, vice president of engineering. Totman leads the innovation, development, and delivery of DivvyCloud's software. Prior to joining DivvyCloud, Totman was the vice president for Capital One's Digital Products Engineering organization, which builds every digital touchpoint for Capital One customers through web and mobile platforms. Prior to Capital One, Totman worked at AOL running AIM and ICQ, the world's largest messaging platforms at the time. Rick Juneja, vice president of customer success. Juneja is focused on driving adoption of DivvyCloud's software by demonstrating value and enhancing relationships within the company's broad customer base. Juneja's experience as the senior vice president of customer success, professional services and support at OPower (acquired by Oracle) will prove invaluable. During his tenure at OPower, Juneja was a key player in the company's growth from $27 million to $150 million in ARR. Accolades\nDivvyCloud's innovation in cloud security continues to receive recognition with wins in well known industry awards, including: Winner in the cloud security category in the 2019 Cybersecurity Excellence Awards Recognized as the editor's choice vendor of the cloud security category in Cyber Defense Magazine's InfoSec Awards 2019 Winner of the private and public cloud compliance category in the 2019 Fortress Cyber Security Awards More about", "URL": "https://www.helpnetsecurity.com/2019/06/25/divvycloud-new-capabilities-and-technological-advancements/"}, {"Title": "Ping Identity Global Channel Director Recognized as 2019 CRN\u00ae Channel Chief", "Text": "Ping Identity , the leader in Identity Defined Security, today announced that CRN \u00ae , a brand of The Channel Company, has named Ping Identity Director of Global Channel Sales Tommy Butler to its prestigious list of 2019 Channel Chiefs. The top IT channel leaders included on this list continually strive to drive growth and revenue in their organization through their channel partners.\nThe 2019 Channel Chiefs demonstrate exceptional leadership, vision and commitment to their channel partner programs. The honorees are selected by CRN's editorial staff as a result of their professional achievements, standing in the industry, dedication to the channel partner community and strategies for driving future growth and innovation.\nUnder Tommy's leadership, Ping Identity has shined a renewed focus on its channel partners and managed service providers. He has accomplished this by growing the company's internal channel team to support advancements in its partner network. These initiatives include the launch of Ping's on demand, self service partner training resources\u2014further reinforcing its investment in developing a strategic partner community.\n\"The individuals on CRN's 2019 Channel Chiefs list deserve special recognition for their contributions and support in the development of robust partner programs, innovative business strategies, and significant influence to the overall health of the IT channel,\" said Bob Skelley, CEO of The Channel Company. \"We applaud each Channel Chief's remarkable record of accomplishments and look forward to following their continued success.\"\n\"Ping Identity's partner program is a source of pride for the entire company, and Tommy's leadership has enabled us to expand the program while delivering valuable benefits for our partners,\" said Dave Packer, senior vice president, field operations, Ping Identity. \"We partner with innovative companies to bring new security solutions to market at enterprise scale. Together, we help ensure any enterprise can federate identity and access across their organization by providing comprehensive and seamlessly integrated solutions.\"\nThe 2019 CRN Channel Chiefs list is featured online at www.crn.com/channelchiefs and is highlighted in the February 2019 issue of CRN.\nAbout Ping Identity\nPing Identity envisions a digital world powered by intelligent identity. We help enterprises achieve Zero Trust identity defined security and more personalized, streamlined user experiences. The Ping Intelligent Identity Platform provides customers, employees and partners with access to cloud, mobile, SaaS and on premises applications and APIs, while also managing identity and profile data at scale. Over half of the Fortune 100 choose us for our identity expertise, open standards leadership, and partnership with companies including Microsoft, Amazon and Google. We provide flexible options to extend hybrid IT environments and accelerate digital business initiatives with multi factor authentication, single sign on, access management, intelligent API security, directory and data governance capabilities. Visit www.pingidentity.com.\nAbout The Channel Company\nThe Channel Company enables breakthrough IT channel performance with our dominant media, engaging events, expert consulting and education and innovative marketing services and platforms. As the channel catalyst, we connect and empower technology suppliers, solution providers and end users. Backed by more than 30 years of unequalled channel experience, we draw from our deep knowledge to envision innovative new solutions for ever evolving challenges in the technology marketplace. www.thechannelco.com", "URL": "http://business.malvern-online.com/malvern-online/news/read/37747354/ping_identity_global_channel_director_recognized_as_2019_crn%C2%AE_channel_chief"}, {"Title": "Healthcare Cloud Computing Market Moving Radiantly Toward 2023 by Growth Factors and Industry Players Overview", "Text": "MarketersMEDIA / Newsroom / Healthcare Cloud Computing Market Moving Radiantly Toward 2023 by Growth Factors and Industry Players Overview Healthcare Cloud Computing Market Moving Radiantly Toward 2023 by Growth Factors and Industry Players Overview Share This Press Release\nHealthcare Cloud Computing Market report explores Scope of the Study as Research Objective, Assumptions and Limitations in depth. The report gives Market Dynamics by Drivers, Restraints, Opportunities, Challenges, Macroeconomic Indicators and Technology Trends & Assessment.\nPune, India June 10, 2019 /MarketersMedia/ \u2014 Competitive Dashboard\nThe prominent players operating in the global healthcare cloud computing market comprises Microsoft Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Merge Healthcare Inc., Cerner Corporation, Carestream Corporation, ClearData Networks Inc., International Business Machines (IBM) Corporation, CareCloud Corporation, Agfa Gevaert N.V., Sectra AB, Siemens Healthineers, GE Healthcare, NextGen Healthcare, Dell Inc., athenahealth Inc., and Nuance Communications.\nHealthcare Cloud Computing Market \u2013 Scenario\nMarket Research Future (MRFR) proclaims that the Global Healthcare Cloud Computing Market is predicted to garner a stellar CAGR during the forecast period (2017 2023). The surging adoption of the Internet of Things (IoT) has catalyzed the growth of the market across the globe. Cloud computing can be referred to as the practice of using a network of remote servers which are hosted on the internet, in order to manage, store, and process data. Cloud computing does not require a local server and reduces the overall cost efficiently by cutting infrastructural expenses. Cloud computing provides several benefits which have impacted the general market for cloud based technologies.\nTo Get Free Sample Copy visit https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/6519\nCloud computing helps to reduce the overall cost as it is used without the interference of physical infrastructure. The internet stores and manages data which cuts down the maintenance cost, thereby propelling the healthcare cloud computing market across the globe. With the widespread and high demand for cloud computing and revolution in IT, the overall healthcare sector has been affected positively. The amount of data generated in the healthcare sector has triggered the adoption of cloud computing across the globe. Moreover, major market players of the healthcare cloud computing are actively engaged in the development of improved services which has continued to optimize operations in complex and large sectors, for instance, healthcare.\nThe advent of blockchain technology in cloud computing is considered one of the key trends which are anticipated to gain prominence in the global market. The healthcare sector is highly deploying cloud computing systems in order to streamline claims, achieve greater data security, ensure drug supply chain, manage billings, and ensure health research integrity. Blockchain also provides integrity and superior data security to the systems in which is further employed owing to its distributed characteristics. Such factors are expected to bolster the market growth worldwide.\nIndustry Updates\nJanuary 02, 2019: 3M has recently announced their plan to acquire the cloud based clinical documentation unit of M*Modal for USD 1 billion. 3M has planned to add the Pittsburgh based M*Modal business to 3M Health Information Systems unit which is a supplier of services and software to healthcare payers and providers. In November 2018, ClearDATA, a Texas based healthcare exclusive cloud provider, has secured USD 26 Mn in its latest funding as an investment for healthcare cloud computing services. In December 2018, it has been announced that Magellan Health, an American for profit managed healthcare company, is adopting software as a service (SaaS) for identity management and other functions as a part of digital Regional Analysis\nGeographically, the global healthcare cloud computing market has been segmented into Latin America, Europe, North America, Asia Pacific and the Middle East and Africa.\nThe North America region commands the major share in the global healthcare cloud computing market owing to the presence of well developed healthcare sector, rapid adoption of cloud based solutions, constant technological advancement and high concentration of developed economies that are expanding their funding for advancement of healthcare services in this region.\nThe Asia Pacific region is expanding significantly in the global healthcare cloud computing market owing to the rapid development of healthcare sector in the emerging economies, rise in awareness regarding the benefits of cloud based services, and emergence for sophisticated platform to maintain the large amount of healthcare data that is present in an unstructured manner in this region.\nThe healthcare cloud computing market in the Europe region is expanding at a noteworthy growth rate owing to the increased availability of players that are providing cloud based services for data storage and data management in the well developed healthcare sector and increased healthcare expenditure by the population in this region. Poor economic conditions and low penetration of technologically advanced healthcare services in the underdeveloped countries are slowing down the growth of the healthcare cloud computing services in the Middle East and Africa region.\nSegments\nThe healthcare cloud computing market has been segmented on the basis of application, deployment, end user, and service.\nBy mode of applications, the global healthcare cloud computing market has been segmented into clinical information system (CIS) and non clinical information system (NCIS). Among these, the clinical information system is considered to command the major share owing to the increased prevalence of chronic diseases coupled with the surging geriatric population resulting in an increased patient data volume.\nBy mode of deployment, the global healthcare cloud computing market has been segmented into public cloud, private cloud, and hybrid cloud. Among these, the private cloud is likely to gain prominence in the coming years owing to its higher adoption rate due to better security.\nTo Browse Complete Report visit https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/healthcare cloud computing market 6519\nBy mode of end user, the global healthcare cloud computing market has been segmented into healthcare players and healthcare providers.\nBy mode of service, the global healthcare cloud computing market has been segmented into software as a service (SaaS), infrastructure as a service (IaaS), and platform as a service (PaaS). Among these, the software as a service is anticipated to gain prominence during the appraisal period owing to its easy deployment, less lead time, and service provider's ownership of support and maintenance tasks.\nAbout Market Research Future:\nAt Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Statistical Report, Continuous Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.\nContact Info:", "URL": "https://marketersmedia.com/healthcare-cloud-computing-market-moving-radiantly-toward-2023-by-growth-factors-and-industry-players-overview/521959"}, {"Title": "World Clinical Risk Grouping Solutions Market Valued at $426M in 2019 is Projected to Cross $828M by 2024", "Text": "November 08, 2019 05:34 ET | Source: Research and Markets\nDublin, Nov. 08, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) The \"Clinical Risk Grouping Solutions Market by Product (Scorecard & Visualization Tools, Dashboard Analytics, Risk Reporting), Deployment (Private Cloud, Public Cloud, Hybrid Cloud), End User and Region Global Forecast to 2024\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering. This report analyzes the clinical risk grouping solutions market and aims at estimating the market size and future growth potential of this market based on various segments such as product, deployment model, end user, and region. The report also provides a competitive analysis of the key players in this market, along with their company profiles, product offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies.\nThe clinical risk grouping solutions market is projected to reach USD 828.8 million by 2024 from USD 426.8 million in 2019, at a CAGR of 14.2%.Focus on risk management and big data solutions are driving the market for clinical risk grouping solutions. However, a lack of infrastructure for supporting this technology is expected to restrain the growth of the market to a certain extent during the forecast period.\nThe prominent players in the global clinical risk grouping solutions market are 3M Corporation (US), Optum Inc. (US), Cerner Corporation (US), Conduent Inc. (US), Nuance Communications (US), Health Catalyst (US), HBI Solutions (US), Johns Hopkins University (US), Lightbeam Health Solutions (US), Dynamic Healthcare Systems (US), 4S Information Systems (US), Evolent Health (US), and PeraHealth (US).\nDashboard analytics segment to show the fastest growth during the forecast period\nBased on product, the clinical risk grouping solutions market is segmented into three major categories, viz., scorecard & visualization tools, dashboard analytics, and risk reporting. The dashboard analytics segment is expected to witness one of the highest CAGR within the clinical risk grouping solutions market. High adoption of dashboard analytics by healthcare providers, the increasing adoption of risk management solutions in the healthcare industry, growing requirements for accuracy & quality of patient care, and the rising use of big data solutions in healthcare are driving the growth of the segment.\nPrivate cloud to hold the largest share of the clinical risk grouping solutions market during the forecast period\nBased on the deployment model, the clinical risk grouping solutions market is segmented into private cloud, public cloud, and hybrid cloud. In 2018, the private cloud segment accounted for the dominant share of the clinical risk grouping solutions market. The large share of this segment is attributed to the fact that private cloud deployment offers the best security for sensitive data. Additionally, a private cloud offers on demand infrastructure with dedicated resources that can be shared across domains, applications, and units within the same organization.\nNorth America accounted for the largest share of the market in 2018, whereas the Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market\nThe study discusses the clinical risk grouping solutions market trends for North America, Europe, the Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa. In 2018, North America accounted for the largest share of the global clinical risk grouping solutions market. The large share of North America can be attributed to the support for adopting HCIT by providers and payers, increasing focus on population health services, and greater availability of clinical risk grouping solutions\nHowever, Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market with the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Factors such as the presence of a larger patient population demanding better healthcare at lower costs, economic growth, rising geriatric population, emergence of big data in healthcare, and the growing focus of various market players on emerging Asian countries are expected to drive the growth of the clinical risk grouping solutions market in the Asia Pacific.\nKey Topics Covered", "URL": "https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2019/11/08/1943875/0/en/World-Clinical-Risk-Grouping-Solutions-Market-Valued-at-426M-in-2019-is-Projected-to-Cross-828M-by-2024.html"}, {"Title": "World Clinical Risk Grouping Solutions Market Valued at and#36;426M in 2019 is Projected to Cross and#36;828M by 2024", "Text": "Dublin, Nov. 08, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) The report has been added to offering.\nThe clinical risk grouping solutions market is projected to reach USD 828.8 million by 2024 from USD 426.8 million in 2019, at a CAGR of 14.2%.Focus on risk management and big data solutions are driving the market for clinical risk grouping solutions. However, a lack of infrastructure for supporting this technology is expected to restrain the growth of the market to a certain extent during the forecast period.\nThe prominent players in the global clinical risk grouping solutions market are 3M Corporation (US), Optum Inc. (US), Cerner Corporation (US), Conduent Inc. (US), Nuance Communications (US), Health Catalyst (US), HBI Solutions (US), Johns Hopkins University (US), Lightbeam Health Solutions (US), Dynamic Healthcare Systems (US), 4S Information Systems (US), Evolent Health (US), and PeraHealth (US).\nBased on product, the clinical risk grouping solutions market is segmented into three major categories, viz., scorecard & visualization tools, dashboard analytics, and risk reporting. The dashboard analytics segment is expected to witness one of the highest CAGR within the clinical risk grouping solutions market. High adoption of dashboard analytics by healthcare providers, the increasing adoption of risk management solutions in the healthcare industry, growing requirements for accuracy & quality of patient care, and the rising use of big data solutions in healthcare are driving the growth of the segment.\nBased on the deployment model, the clinical risk grouping solutions market is segmented into private cloud, public cloud, and hybrid cloud. In 2018, the private cloud segment accounted for the dominant share of the clinical risk grouping solutions market. The large share of this segment is attributed to the fact that private cloud deployment offers the best security for sensitive data. Additionally, a private cloud offers on demand infrastructure with dedicated resources that can be shared across domains, applications, and units within the same organization.\nThe study discusses the clinical risk grouping solutions market trends for North America, Europe, the Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa. In 2018, North America accounted for the largest share of the global clinical risk grouping solutions market. The large share of North America can be attributed to the support for adopting HCIT by providers and payers, increasing focus on population health services, and greater availability of clinical risk grouping solutions\nHowever, Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market with the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Factors such as the presence of a larger patient population demanding better healthcare at lower costs, economic growth, rising geriatric population, emergence of big data in healthcare, and the growing focus of various market players on emerging Asian countries are expected to drive the growth of the clinical risk grouping solutions market in the Asia Pacific.\nFor more information about this report visit\nResearch and Markets also offers services providing focused, comprehensive and tailored research.\nCONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com Laura Wood, Senior Press Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1 917 300 0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1 800 526 8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353 1 416 8900", "URL": "https://www.sectorpublishingintelligence.co.uk/news/2552079/world-clinical-risk-grouping-solutions-market-valued-at-36426m-in-2019-is-projected-to-cross-36828m-by-2024"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "Salesforce.com, Inc.", "intensity": 10.0, "score": 40981, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "Market Overview The finance cloud market was valued at USD 15.13 billion in 2018 and is estimated to reach USD 47.21 billion by 2024 at a compound annual growth rate of 21.3% during the forecast p...", "Text": "Anzeige Schluss mit zu hohen Trading Geb\u00fchren! Jetzt zum mehr\u00adfachen Test\u00adsieger wechseln, 50 \u20ac Trade\u00adguthaben sichern und zu den g\u00fcnstig\u00adsten Kondi\u00adtionen im Test NEW YORK , Sept. 11, 2019 /PRNewswire/ Market Overview The finance cloud market was valued at USD 15.13 billion in 2018 and is estimated to reach USD 47.21 billion by 2024 at a compound annual growth rate of 21.3% during the forecast period (2019 2024). Along with an increase in the revenue, cloud elevates the number of leads generated along with better pricing.Read the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05815062/?utm_source=PRN The banking services and financial and insurance companies are opting for digital applications to quickly address the customers' queries and concerns by keeping in mind the long term benefits as well as achieving a competitive advantage. For instance, Ess Kay Fincorp chose a cloud based lending platform to digitize its entire lending business for decreasing its loan approval time by 33%. Operational efficiency is another factor driving the growth of the finance cloud market. Roha Housing Finance wanted to issue loans within two hours instead of three days. After adopting agility and cost efficiency of cloud based technology to offer a 'customer first' approach, it was able to offer end to end loan processing in seven days, which is 50% faster than the housing finance industry benchmark. The financial industry is most prone to cyber threats because of the sensitivity of the data. It continues to grow in frequency, as the data generation volume grows. Equifax has incurred losses so far of about USD 1.35 billion from a devastating 2017 breach that affected more than half of the American customers as well as millions of the consumers in the United Kingdom. Scope of the Report Companies (big and small) are exploring the cloud and its advantages. Financial cloud software allows enterprises to achieve revenue and wealth management, while maintaining customer relations. It creates a better customer experience. The business becomes more agile, while eliminating miscommunication and manual errors. Key Market Trends Wealth Management Industry to Dominate the Market As global wealth is increasing, there is a rise in wealth management professionals. As per the Credit Suisse Wealth Report 2018, the global wealth increased by 14 USD trillion last year. The same report indicates that global wealth is projected to increase by about 26% over the next five years, reaching USD 399 trillion by 2023. Wealth will primarily be driven by growth in the middle segment, but the number of millionaires will also increase markedly over the next five years to reach a new all time high of 55 million. The proportion of global adults with wealth below USD 10,000 decreased since 2000. According to most indicators, wealth inequality has not yet fallen significantly and has stabilized. This calls for an increased need for wealth management by the BFSI sector. Some of the companies across the emerging economies have collaborated to leverage over their cloud business segment, thereby, integrating the wealth management system. For instance, Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services integrates the Salesforce Financial Services Cloud with core back end systems, such as asset management, portfolio management, risk and trust operations, to ensure that wealth managers can help their clients to make better, data driven investment decisions. Asia Pacific to Witness the Highest Growth The financial institutions across the Asia Pacific region are embracing digital transformations. This is allowing them to be more cost efficient. In September 2017 , the HKMA announced seven initiatives to support a \"New Era of Smart Banking\", which bode well for cloud demand among the Hong Kong BFSIs. In July 2018 , it announced that it had concluded a consultation on its intended approach to open application programming interface (API) for the Hong Kong banking sector. In India , through fintech initiatives, like Jan Dhan Yojana , Aadhaar, and the Unified Payments Interface (UPI), the Government of India is working toward digitizing payment systems and increasing financial inclusion. The New Zealand Government maintains a 'Cloud First' policy through which it seeks to be open to the benefit from the emergent technologies and act as a leader in cloud adoption. According to the Asia Cloud Computing Association, the financial service institutions have begun expanding digital platforms to front facing departments to create a better customer experience, improve sales processes and for account management. Cloud services are making a compelling business case for them, especially with the ever increasing need for and use of data. Competitive Landscape The market for finance cloud is dominated by well known players, like Oracle, Microsoft, and IBM Corporation. These players occupy the major share. The offerings by these companies help the financial sector to face challenges, like payment processing, core banking, and CRM. Some of the major players in the market are Oracle Corporation, SapSe, Microsoft Corporation, Salesforce.Com Inc., IBM Corporation, SAP SE, among others. June 2019 Oracle Corporation and Microsoft Corporation announced a cloud interoperability partnership for enabling the customers to migrate and run mission critical enterprise workloads across Microsoft Azure and Oracle Cloud. By enabling the customers to run one part of a workload within Azure and another part of the same workload within the Oracle Cloud, the partnership offers a highly optimized and best of both clouds experience. May 2019 IBM and HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company, India's third largest non life insurance provider in the private sector, had a collaboration to co create new Artificial Intelligence(AI) based solutions on IBM Cloud, that will redefine customer experience in India. IBM Garage to co create AI based high end automation solutions on IBM Cloud for this project. November 2018 Nucleus's software cloud lending solution FinnOne Neo Cloud is a multi channel end to end offering that helps digitize the loan lifecycle. It signed up with 25 companies in the financial sector to avail this solution. September 2018 Salesforce unveiled updates to its Financial Services Cloud that unifies the various silos within the financial services companies and provides a holistic view of the customers. It was rolled out to bridge various integration points. Reasons to Purchase this report: The market estimate (ME) sheet in Excel format Report customization as per the client's requirements 3 months of analyst supportRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05815062/?utm_source=PRNAbout ReportlinkerReportLinker is an award winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need instantly, in one place.", "URL": "https://www.finanzen.at/nachrichten/aktien/market-overview-the-finance-cloud-market-was-valued-at-usd-15-13-billion-in-2018-and-is-estimated-to-reach-usd-47-21-billion-by-2024-at-a-compound-annual-growth-rate-of-21-3percent-during-the-forecast-1028517221"}, {"Title": "The Capital One - AWS incident highlights the roles and responsibilities of cloud customers, providers", "Text": "After the Capital One data breach, media finger pointing obscured the real issues. As Kurt explains, this is about companies getting a better handle on the training and know how they need to manage cloud services securely.\nThe latest headline making data security incident presents a teachable moment for enterprises, but unlike the knee jerk reaction from some initial news reports, it doesn't involve chiding people for their stupidity by using cloud infrastructure.\nNor is it about how Amazon is just the latest example of an irresponsible tech giant putting profit above security, jeopardizing everyone's privacy in the process.\nRather, the lesson is about responsibilities, technical comprehension and training. There's a reason high school wood and metal working shops are staffed by skilled teachers, because if you turn kids with no training loose on power tools, someone will eventually cut off their arm. The same this is true, metaphorically, with cloud services.\nCloud infrastructure is some of the most sophisticated, versatile and yes, complicated technology yet invented for building applications, storing and analyzing data and automating processes. Used correctly, it can be both secure and amazingly powerful, allowing organizations to do things that would have been previously impossible or prohibitively expensive. However, make one mistake, and disaster can strike as more technically savvy hackers exploit misconfigurations and vulnerabilities to steal data and disrupt systems. Capital One shows that even early cloud adopters are climbing a learning curve\nEveryone in IT is by now familiar with the Capital One incident in which an ex employee of what a federal prosecutor calls \"Cloud Computing Company\" and everyone else knows as AWS based on a resume cited in the federal district court complaint used her detailed knowledge of AWS S3 and other services to find a hole in Capital One's firewall configuration that allowed access to its AWS compute (EC2) and storage (S3) resources. One inside Capital One's AWS infrastructure, the accused, Paige Thompson, used a security weakness in the design of an AWS API handling service to access S3 storage buckets containing a variety of sensitive customer data. Capital One's terse statement on the incident summarizes the damage ( emphasis added ):\nBased on our analysis to date, this event affected approximately 100 million individuals in the United States and approximately 6 million in Canad a. Importantly, no credit card account numbers or log in credentials were compromised and less than one percent of Social Security numbers were compromised. Based on our analysis to date, we believe it is unlikely that the information was used for fraud or disseminated by this individual.\nThe data came from individual and small business credit applications from 2005 on that includes the following items for each: Name, address, zip/postal code Date of birth Self reported income\nIn other words, almost everything someone would need short of the SSN to complete a bogus credit application in someone else's name. Indeed, the federal complaint says that the data did include \"approximately 120,000 Social Security Numbers and approximately 77,000 bank account numbers.\" Anatomy of the attack shows mistakes on both sides\nThe Capital One breach is more interesting than most such incidents because it happened to one of the most cloud savvy enterprises, one which was an early and vocal advocate for AWS services. Capital One executives have appeared at several AWS re:Invent keynotes and Amazon has a series of glowing case studies on its website highlighting Capital One's experiences.\nUnderstanding the elements of the Capital One attack is critical to seeing the nuances around the shared responsibility for its potential, if not actual execution. The criminal complaint describes the stages and results of the attack, however a more technical discussion illustrates the subtleties. I'll summarize the details using two great blog posts from Securiosis and John Stella , CTO of Fugue. Each are cloud security consultancies with expertise on the subject that I have validated by studying the relevant AWS documentation.\nThe attack began when Thompson, which remember was no longer working at AWS, probed for EC2 servers with public IP addresses, i.e. accessible from the Internet and found one with a misconfigured firewall that probably (the FBI statement in the complaint isn't explicit) left a port open that could be used to attack an application or OS vulnerability that provided access to the server. From there, the attacker: Pulled the identity and access management (IAM) Role credentials for the server, which as Securiosis describes it are \"ephemeral credentials that allow AWS API calls.\" Most likely (since we're speculating here) used API calls to query the IAM to find available IAM roles on the server that provided read access to the S3 storage service. Used those credentials to list the available S3 buckets and copy data to another bucket she controlled. Later copied the data to a local drive and/or another cloud repository. Discussed the hack on social media and GItHub, which eventually led someone to tip Capital One off to the breach, who then notified the FBI. With the basic parameters in hand, including a file that executed AWS CLI instructions, Capital One used various AWS logging services like CloudTRail to reconstruct the attack's methods and identify the more than 700 S3 buckets Thompson accessed.\nAlthough some of the data was likely encrypted, hence the low number of SSNs exposed, personally identifiable information (PII) was not. Assigning blame\nCapital One is obviously at fault for misconfiguring AWS firewall rules for a public facing server such that a knowledgeable attacker could gain access to at least one of its EC2 servers. However, AWS is not blameless due to known weaknesses in its API handling feature known as the Metadata service , which allows processes on any EC2 instance to access an API running on a link local address to query data about the instance itself. Evan Johnson, a security engineer at Cloudflare, provides an excellent technical analysis of the vulnerabilities. According to Johnson's blog post:\nEvery indication is that the attacker exploited a type of vulnerability known as Server Side Request Forgery (SSRF) in order to perform the attack. SSRF has become the most serious vulnerability facing organizations that use public clouds. SSRF is not an unknown vulnerability, but it doesn't receive enough attention. Server Side Request Forgery is an attack where a server can be tricked into connecting to a server it did not intend.\nIn this case, the SSRF exploited the Metadata service, which provides temporary credentials used to make API calls to other AWS services. The advantage of AWS's Metadata service design is that it doesn't require issuing actual IAM keys to any programmer that needs to use AWS APIs. However, as Johnson details, it opens security holes. As he writes:\nAccessing the credentials is easy! It's extremely easy to access the IAM Role temporary credentials that are provided by the metadata service. This is an example of how easy it is [to] access the metadata service. There is no authentication and no authorization to access the service. All processes can talk to the metadata service and access temporary credentials with any out of the box operating system.\nSource: Netsparker; What is the Server Side Request Forgery Vulnerability & How to Prevent It?\nIndeed, a Swiss security engineer described such an attack two years ago in a blog post portentously titled, Abusing the AWS metadata service using SSRF vulnerabilities. Johnson proposes some changes AWS could make to bolster the Metadata service's security, notably to require two factor authentication for access and requiring that temporary credentials issued by the service be only used within the customer's VPC network. Given the severity of the Capital One incident, customers should demand that AWS research and implement security improvement at that thwart similar attacks in the future. My take understand the delineation of responsibilities when using cloud services\nThe Capital One breach demonstrates the critical need for enterprise cloud users to understand their role in securing cloud resources and the applications and data they host. AWS publishes a shared responsibility model the explicitly identifies the abstraction layers that are its responsibility to secure and those that are the customer's. The Capital One incident is the result of mistakes (arguably five, since Capital One could have encrypted all of the PII, not just the SSNs) in at least four areas as I've annotated below.\nSource: AWS Documentation; Shared Responsibility Model.\nAlthough AWS was the target of this attack, a similar demarcation of security responsibilities holds for any cloud service, both IaaS like AWS and SaaS like Salesforce.com. Indeed, as AWS has stated in response to this incident (see, for example, this incident summary by security researcher Brian Krebs ), it and the other cloud services provide ample, and continuously improving tools to make the job of protecting systems and data easier and more effective.\nNonetheless, AWS is not off the hook in this case because of the abstruse design of many of its services and APIs, which can allow leveraging restricted access to one system into escalated security roles and subsequent access to other resources. AWS's culpability is notably evident in this case since just such an attack was outlined by security researchers years before.\nEnterprises should learn the right lessons from Capital One's misfortune: don't abandon the cloud in a spasm of FUD, but redouble efforts to understand its nuances and use cloud services more safely and effectively. Image credit Feature image question More \u00a9 bartsadowski Fotolia.com. Two figures credited and linked above. Read more on:", "URL": "https://diginomica.com/capital-one-aws-incident-highlights-roles-and-responsibilities-cloud-customers-providers"}, {"Title": "Ramco Systems wins deal from Kuwait\u2019s Americana Group", "Text": "Chennai based Cloud Computing solutions provider Ramco Systems said it has implemented its HR and payroll solution at Kuwait Food Company (Americana) K.S.C.C., one of the largest food companies in the Middle East.\nIt said the first phase of the project has gone live, involving 9,000 in the UAE.\nAmericana Group was founded in 1964 in Kuwait and employs more than 60,000 employees across two divisions.\nAmericana Restaurants Division operates close to 1,900 restaurants of some of the world's most popular brands.\nAmericana Food Division has a wide foot print, with 25 manufacturing sites and products distributed to more than 20 countries.\nIt is not clear if the contract extends to both divisions.\nRamco's HR suite includes aspects such as the management of leave, time & attendance, payroll, talent management and performance management.\nRamco will also provide its managed payroll services to handle Americana's multi country, multicurrency operations.\nRamco uses technologies like voice, chatbots, and machine learning based automation to enhance its offering.\nThe company's multi tenant Cloud architecture now serves more than 500 customers worldwide, it said.\nThe company is arguably the most successful Indian company focused on enterprise cloud computing software. It competes with global biggies like Salesforce.com, Oracle and SAP, primarily by offering a more cost efficient solution.", "URL": "https://ultra.news/t-t/47762/ramco-systems-wins-deal-from-kuwaits-americana-group"}, {"Title": "Identity and Access Management-as-a-Service (IDaaS) Market Looks to Expand Its Size in Overseas Market : CA Technologies, IBM, Microsoft", "Text": "Identity and Access Management as a Service (IDaaS) Market Looks to Expand Its Size in Overseas Market : CA Technologies, IBM, Microsoft\nNew Jersey, Edison HTF MI recently Announced Global Identity and Access Management as a service study with 100+ market data Tables and Figures spread through Pages and easy to understand detailed TOC on \"Identity and Access Management as a service. Global Identity and Access Management as a service research allows you to get different methods for maximizing your profit. The research study provides estimates for Global Identity and Access Management as a service Forecast till 2025*. Some of the Leading key Company's Covered for this Research are CA Technologies, IBM, Microsoft, Ping Identity & Salesforce.com. Click to get Global Identity and Access Management as a service Market Research Sample PDF Copy Here @: https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample report/1295461 global identity and access management as a service 2 Identity and access management as a service (IDaaS or IAMaaS) refers to web delivered services that create and control access levels for individual users. This is one of the many types of cloud services now offered by cloud vendors. Strict regulatory compliance and increased budgets by government organizations and large scale enterprises can augur market growth. Rise of web applications, emphasis on risk management, and cost containment are factors expected to drive market volume. In addition, popularity of Bring Your Own Devices (BYOD) and Internet of Things (IoT) can positively impact the market. Continuous innovation in technologies have led to developers building solutions such as secure print authentication and access to electric vehicle (EV) charging access. The market can experience an uptick in demand owing to application in sectors such as healthcare, education, manufacturing, etc. Cloud and hybrid solutions are expected to have an impact in the market owing to negligible error rate and advanced security features. Wide availability of IAM options and demand for solutions to preserve and protect data of individuals can lead to its implementation by large scale enterprises. The Americas is expected to be the major revenue contributor to the market by 2023. The region has witnessed emergence of IT and business infrastructure, and IT security compliance and governance regulations, which has led to the increasing demand for cloud based IT security solutions and services which will subsequently drive demand for IDaaS adoption. In 2017, the global Identity and Access Management as a service (IDaaS) market size was xx million US$ and it is expected to reach xx million US$ by the end of 2025, with a CAGR of xx% during 2018 2025. Global Identity and Access Management as a service Research for a Leading company is an intelligent process of gathering and analyzing the numerical data related to services and products. This Research Give idea to aims at your targeted customer's understanding, needs and wants. Also, reveals how effectively a company can meet their requirements. The market research collects data about the customers, marketing strategy, competitors. The Identity and Access Management as a service Manufacturing industry is becoming increasingly dynamic and innovative, with more number of private players entering the industry. Important Features that are under offering& key highlights of the report: 1) Who are the Leading Key Company in Global Global Identity and Access Management as a service market space? Following are list of players that are currently profiled in the report \"CA Technologies, IBM, Microsoft, Ping Identity & Salesforce.com\" ** List of companies mentioned may vary in the final report subject to Name Change / Merger etc. 2) What will the market size be in 2025 and what will the growth rate be? In 2019, the Global Identity and Access Management as a service market size was xx million USD and it is expected to reach USD xx million by the end of 2025, with a CAGR of xx% during 2019 2025. 3) What are the Market Applications & Types: The study is segmented by following Product Type: , Cloud, Hybrid & On Premise Major applications/end users industry are: BFSI, Oil & Gas, Telecom & IT, Education, Healthcare, Public Sector & Utilities, Manufacturing & Others To comprehend Global Identity and Access Management as a service market dynamics in the world mainly, the worldwide Identity and Access Management as a service market is analyzed across major regions. HTF MI also provides customized specific regional and country level reports for the following areas. North America: United States, Canada, and Mexico. South & Central America: Argentina, Chile, and Brazil. Middle East & Africa: Saudi Arabia, UAE, Turkey, Egypt and South Africa. Europe: UK, France, Italy, Germany, Spain, and Russia. Asia Pacific: India, China, Japan, South Korea, Indonesia, Singapore, and Australia. Enquire for customization in Report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry before buy/1295461 global identity and access management as a service 2 Competitive Analysis: The key players are highly focusing innovation in production technologies to improve efficiency and shelf life. The best long term growth opportunities for this sector can be captured by ensuring ongoing process improvements and financial flexibility to invest in the optimal strategies. Company profile section of players such as CA Technologies, IBM, Microsoft, Ping Identity & Salesforce.com includes its basic information like legal name, website, headquarters, its market position, historical background and top 5 closest competitors by Market capitalization / revenue along with contact information. Each player/ manufacturer revenue figures, growth rate and gross profit margin is provided in easy to understand tabular format for past 5 years and a separate section on recent development like mergers, acquisition or any new product/service launch etc. Research Parameter/ Research Methodology Primary Research: The primary sources involves the industry experts from the Global Identity and Access Management as a service industry including the management organizations, processing organizations, analytics service providers of the industry's value chain. All primary sources were interviewed to gather and authenticate qualitative & quantitative information and determine the future prospects. In the extensive primary research process undertaken for this study, the primary sources \u2013 industry experts such as CEOs, vice presidents, marketing director, technology & innovation directors, founders and related key executives from various key companies and organizations in the Global Global Identity and Access Management as a service in the industry have been interviewed to obtain and verify both qualitative and quantitative aspects of this research study. Secondary Research: In the Secondary research crucial information about the industries value chain, total pool of key players, and application areas. It also assisted in market segmentation according to industry trends to the bottom most level, geographical markets and key developments from both market and technology oriented perspectives. Buy Full Copy Global Global Identity and Access Management as a service Report 2018 @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/1295461 global identity and access management as a service 2 In this study, the years considered to estimate the market size of Global Identity and Access Management as a service are as follows: History Year: 2013 2018", "URL": "http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/identity-and-access-management-as-a-service-idaas-market-looks-to-expand-its-size-in-overseas-market-ca-technologies-ibm-microsoft-1124134.htm"}, {"Title": "Q&A: Streamlining data insights for a new era of commerce anywhere", "Text": "UPDATED 12:30 EST / FEBRUARY 20 2019 BIG DATA by Kylie Anderson SHARE\nThe incredible value of data that has earned it a spot above oil as the world's most coveted resource is its potential to power business strategies with ultra specific details that enable more informed decision making. Now that organizations have that power, their next hurdle is effective implementation.\nKatie Dunlap (pictured, right), vice president of global unified commerce and marketing GTM at Bluewolf an IBM Company, and Ben Cesare (pictured, left), global industry solutions lead, retail alliance ecosystem, at Salesforce.com Inc., spoke with John Furrier ( @furrier ) and Lisa Martin ( @LisaMartinTV ), co hosts of theCUBE, SiliconANGLE Media's mobile livestreaming studio, during the IBM Think event in San Francisco. They discussed how IBM and Salesforce work together to ensure data is used for a more personalized experience that benefit both company and consumer. (* Disclosure below.)\n[Editor's note: The following answers have been condensed for clarity.]\nMartin: IBM is the number one implementer of Salesforce. Talk about the partnership.\nDunlap: That partnership leverages the best of the technology from Salesforce, as well as IBM, and together [we] create opportunities for the industry. Today we're talking about retail.\nCesare: When you talk about Salesforce, you talk about marketing, commerce, and service cloud. We call that the engagement layer. That's how we really interact with our consumers, and to have a great connection with consumers we need to have a great data insights. We need to understand what's happening with all the information that drives choices for retailers. That's why the relationship with IBM is so strong; it is a data driven relationship.\nDunlap: The native functionality for Salesforce is Einstein, an intelligent layer; and for IBM it's Watson. Looking at retail with commerce and marketing and service is the center of that conversation on the engagement layer. How are we working with a customer from a collection of data information standpoint and activating the data all the way through supply chain? It goes all the way through servicing that customer, returning, and making sure that information is specific.\nOne of the things that we partner with Salesforce on is the engagement layer, and we have access to Watson Embedded Business Assistant that goes out and talks to all the disparate systems. As a merchandiser, I can ask the question and receive information back from supply chain.\nFurrier: Tell us about the changes in retail. What [are] some of the new experiences that are becoming new expectations?\nCesare: What you always want is a great customer experience, and what defines that is, \"Are they serving me the products I want, when I want them? If I have a problem, how am I treated?\" These are all things that we address with Salesforce solutions.\nThis year there were over $300 billion in markdowns for retailers. Half of those were unplanned, and that goes right to your [product and loss]. We want to make sure the things we do satisfy the consumer but not at the expense of the retailers. By using IBM supply chain data information, we can properly service you.\nIt's not just the store online; it's retail everywhere, someone selling their services to you. The holy grail is understanding you specifically. Data has become a much broader term; it's just not numbers. Data is your trends on social media, videos you are viewing. All that together really gives a retailer information, better serve you.\nFurrier: What are some of the learnings around this new engagement layer and with data intelligence?\nCesare: I think the leading thing I've learned is the power of personalization. If you look at someone's shopper basket, there's an amazing amount of things you could learn about them, but to do that for 25, 30 million customers is very difficult. To analyze the data, segment it, and personalize it to you is extremely powerful. If retailers can understand your lifestyle, that opens the door to so many products and services.\nCommerce used to be a very linear thing, but now it's happening wherever you are. You could be anywhere and execute a transaction. The distance between media and commerce has collapsed, It's become real time. The immediacy of media and transaction [is] going to take retailers by surprise.\nWatch the complete video interview below, and be sure to check out more of SiliconANGLE's and theCUBE's coverage of the IBM Think event. (* Disclosure: Salesforce.com Inc. sponsored this segment of theCUBE. Neither Salesforce.com nor other sponsors have editorial control over content on theCUBE or SiliconANGLE.) Photo: SiliconANGLE Since", "URL": "https://siliconangle.com/2019/02/20/qa-streamlining-consumer-data-insights-for-a-new-era-of-commerce-anywhere-think2019/"}, {"Title": "GSD Company to Acquire Audaxium to Expand ERP Capabilities", "Text": "SOURCE GSD Company\nNEW YORK , Feb. 28, 2019 /PRNewswire/ GSD Company today announced the acquisition of Audaxium, a privately held provider of ERP and custom application development consulting and services focused on Oracle NetSuite. The transaction is expected to close before the end of the first quarter of 2019.\nGSD Company is a business technology consulting firm headquartered in New York, NY with office locations in Atlanta, GA , Toronto, ON and Vancouver, BC. GSD is a leader in helping companies of all sizes plan, implement, and maintain customer relationship (CRM), customer service, Quote: to cash, and marketing automation solutions primarily on the Salesforce.com platform with deep industry expertise in Financial Services, Nonprofit, Consumer, and professional services industries.\nToronto based Audaxium is an Oracle NetSuite Alliance and Suite Developer Network partner that boasts a 10 year track record of helping businesses maximize their investment in Oracle NetSuite. Audaxium has helped hundreds of companies implement and optimize Oracle NetSuite software on project work spanning ERP, CRM, eCommerce, Customer Service, and Project Management. Audaxium has delivered hundreds of robust solutions and applications built on the SuiteCloud platform.\n\"Our mission is to enable our clients to maximize their investment on the world's most innovative technology by building robust and specific industry focused solutions to fit the evolving needs of a growing company. Augmenting the world's most innovative sales, service, marketing, and engagement technology alongside the most effective and optimized cloud based ERP, will unlock immense value and streamlined operations for our clients.\" Says Gregory DelGenio, Partner and Chief Revenue Officer at GSD Company.\n\"Together, GSD and Audaxium will be able to forge even deeper relationships with our clients and provide more value than ever before. This move signifies our aspirations and mission as a company to become a global end to end leader in business innovation\" said Naushad Parpia , Partner and Chief Executive Officer at GSD.\n\"Through becoming part of GSD Company, our team of Oracle NetSuite consultants and developers will be in an even better position to help clients get the most value out of their technology. Our combined operations and investment from GSD will equate to an increased level of support from our collective teams. Together with GSD, I look forward to continuing our unrelenting commitment to customer success in the future.\" Says Rob MacEwen, CEO of Audaxium.\nRob and his entire team at Audaxium join GSD Company as full time employees.\nLEARN MORE\nGSD website: www.gsdcompany.com Audaxium website www.audaxium.com\nView original content to download multimedia: http://www.prnewswire.com/news releases/gsd company to acquire audaxium to expand erp capabilities 300804607.html", "URL": "http://www.mylubbocktv.com/story/40048554/gsd-company-to-acquire-audaxium-to-expand-erp-capabilities"}, {"Title": "Explosive growth in Customer Engagement Solution market 2019 set to grow high by IBM Corporation, Accenture, Verint, Pega systems, Astute Solutions, Avaya, Aspect, Affinion, Salesforce", "Text": "Explosive growth in Customer Engagement Solution market 2019 set to grow high by IBM Corporation, Accenture, Verint, Pega systems, Astute Solutions, Avaya, Aspect, Affinion, Salesforce Press release from: qyreports Customer engagement solutions Customer engagement solutions market is projected to grow from USD XX billion in 2019 to USD XX billion by 2025, at a CAGR of +11% during the forecast period. With the increasing adoption of AI and machine learning, rapid deployment of IoT and connected infrastructure, increased adoption of smartphones and tablets, and the proliferation of digital automation devices, the market for customer engagement solutions is growing at a significant pace. Customer engagement solutions consist of CRM systems, social media, marketing personalization, web chat and customer self service. Customer engagement software helps you manage customer communications and interactions through a variety of channels and contacts. For example, watchmaker Titan Company has adopted an IBM Watson Customer Engagement solution to design marketing campaigns for individual customers. The market for customer participation solutions in North America is led by market leaders such as IBM Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, Nuance Communications, Oracle Corporation and Salesforce.com Inc. The customer engagement solution was an early adopter of SMAC (Social, Mobile, Analytics, and Cloud) technology in the United States, so there was a series of collaborations, mergers and acquisitions in North America to take advantage of this opportunity. For Sample duplicate of this report: www.researchnreports.com/request_sample.php?id=223481 Research N Reports has recently drafted a report titled \"Global Customer Engagement Solution Market\" deriving the type of publication that brings in value in a most professional look therefore studying the descriptive vision into the market's future. The report categorizes the study further into different segments that facilitates a descriptive and qualitative insight into the industry. Some of the key players in the consumer engagement solutions market are IBM Corporation, Salesforce Avail discount on this report: www.researchnreports.com/ask_for_discount.php?id=223481 a) Market penetration In depth data on the products and services offered by top players in the Customer Engagement Solution market. The report analyzes the Customer Engagement Solution market by products, application, end user and region. b) Product development/innovation Intricate insights on upcoming technologies, research and development activities, and new product launches in the Customer Engagement Solution market. The consumer engagement solutions market can be segmented as: Retail Hospitality Healthcare According to the research report, the global market for Customer Engagement Solution is witnessing a continual rise in its valuation with the advancement in technologies, which is impacting the consumer behavior and, accordingly, their purchasing patterns to a great extent. In addition to this, the rising penetration of internet and the surge in mobile surfing are anticipated to boost the demand for network management software across the world, states the research report. For more enquiry: www.researchnreports.com/enquiry_before_buying.php?id=223481 Reasons for Buying this Report This report provides pin point analysis for changing competitive dynamics It provides a forward looking perspective on different factors driving or restraining market growth It provides a six year forecast assessed on the basis of how the market is predicted to grow It helps in understanding the key product segments and their future It provides pin point analysis of changing competition dynamics and keeps you ahead of competitors It helps in making informed business decisions by having complete insights of market and by making in depth analysis of market segments Table of Content: Global Customer Engagement Solution Market Research Report 2019 2025 Chapter 1: Industry Overview of Global Customer Engagement Solution Market Chapter 2: Technologies Market International and China Market Analysis Chapter 3: Environment Analysis of Global Customer Engagement Solution Market Chapter 4: Analysis of Revenue by Classifications Chapter 5: Analysis of Revenue by Regions and Applications Chapter 6: Analysis of Technologies Market Revenue Market Status. Chapter 7: Analysis of Global Customer Engagement Solution Market Industry Key Manufacturers Chapter 8: Sales Price and Gross Margin Analysis Chapter 9: Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of Customer Engagement Solution Market Chapter 10: Development Trend of Global Customer Engagement Solution Market Industry 2019 2025 About QYReports: We at, QYReports, a leading market research report publisher accommodate more than 4,000 celebrated clients worldwide putting them at advantage in today's competitive world with our understanding of research. Our list of customers includes prestigious Chinese companies, multinational companies, SME's and private equity firms whom we have helped grow and sustain with our fact based research. Our business study covers a market size of over 30 industries offering unfailing insights into analysis to reimagine your business. We specialize in forecasts needed for investing in a new project, to revolutionize your business, to become more customer centric and improve the quality of output. Contact:", "URL": "https://www.openpr.com/news/1492673/Explosive-growth-in-Customer-Engagement-Solution-market-2019-set-to-grow-high-by-IBM-Corporation-Accenture-Verint-Pega-systems-Astute-Solutions-Avaya-Aspect-Affinion-Salesforce.html"}, {"Title": "Salesforce Stock Falls After Lawsuit Is Filed - Barron's", "Text": "This copy is for your personal, non commercial use only. To order presentation ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com.\nhttps://www.barrons.com/articles/salesforce stock falls after lawsuit is filed 51553705541 Salesforce Stock Falls After Lawsuit Is Filed By March 27, 2019 12:52 p.m. ET Order Reprints The Salesforce Tower in San Francisco. Photograph by David Paul Morris/Bloomberg Text size\nShares of Salesforce.com (CRM) are down 3.5% midday Wednesday, to $153.82, following a lawsuit alleging that the company did business with now defunct sex trafficking website Backpage.\nThe suit , filed late Monday on behalf of 50 women in Superior Court in San Francisco, alleges Salesforce built customized business tools as the \"backbone of Backpage's exponential growth.\"\n\"Salesforce didn't just provide Backpage with a customer ready version of its data and marketing tools,\" the suit claims. \"Salesforce designed and implemented a heavily customized enterprise database tailored for Backpage's operations, both locally and internationally.\"\nA spokeswoman for Salesforce, whose executive team has taken pains to be a vocal proponent of gender equality in the workplace, said in a statement: \"We are deeply committed to the ethical and humane use of our products and take these allegations seriously; however we don't comment on pending litigation.\"\nThe San Francisco\u2013based company, a pioneer in cloud based software , is valued at $123 billion.\nSalesforce Co Chief Executive Marc Benioff is known for his high profile philanthropy in the San Francisco Bay Area and his vocal stands on social issues such as climate change, equal pay, and gay rights, as well as his ownership of Time magazine.\nThe lawsuit was filed the same day Salesforce was named 2019 Humanitarian Company of the Year by the Red Cross of the Bay Area.\nWrite to Jon Swartz at Most Popular today Salesforce Stock Falls After Lawsuit Is Filed Shares of Salesforce.", "URL": "https://www.barrons.com/articles/salesforce-stock-falls-after-lawsuit-is-filed-51553705541"}, {"Title": "Pelosi says business could play a role in bringing about social change", "Text": "VIDEO 1:29 01:29 Nancy Pelosi on trade deals, health care, antitrust probes and more with Cramer Mad Money with Jim Cramer House Speaker Nancy Pelosi told CNBC on Tuesday that business can play a role in inspiring social change.\nThe Democrat from California made the comment in an interview on \"Mad Money\" with Jim Cramer , who asked Pelosi if she agrees with internet entrepreneur Marc Benioff's mantra that \"business is the greatest platform for change.\" Benioff cited it as his reason for buying Time magazine for $190 million a year ago.\n\"It could be, and in Marc Benioff's case it is,\" said Pelosi, who represents California's 12th District, which includes San Francisco. \"But I do think that there's much more room for us all to work together for social change.\"\nBenioff, founder and co CEO of San Francisco based Salesforce.com , is a frequent Democratic Party donor and has made contributions to Pelosi's congressional campaigns in the past, according to the U.S. Federal Election Commission. He has also given money to Republican causes.\nPelosi supported a Benioff led, controversial tax on big businesses in San Francisco that was intended to combat homelessness in the city. Her husband, Paul Pelosi, is an investor in Salesforce. The two CEOs of the cloud based customer relationship management firm were also among the executives of nearly 200 companies to sign on to the Business Roundtable's pledge that shareholder value is no longer their top focus for business.\nQuoting poet Percy Shelley that the \"great instrument of moral good is the imagination,\" Pelosi said imagination should influence \"all aspects of our economy.\"\n\"We really do have to address the issue of disparity in income in our country,\" she continued. She added that it should also be applied to \"address the climate crisis in a green way, create new jobs, be No. 1 in the world in green technologies... but bring everyone along with that as we go down that new path.\"\nDespite the big decline in the U.S. unemployment rate in recent years to its lowest levels in decades, minority families continue to endure a wide wealth gap when compared with white families, according to research from McKinsey & Company. The racial wealth gap between the two groups grew from roughly $100,000 in 1992 to $154,000 in 2016, the August study said.\nAdditionally, an investment gap exists between black and white families. The report found that 67% of black Americans who made $50,000 or more a year owned stocks or mutual funds, while 86% of white Americans at that same income level owned such assets.\nAn equal pay gap also persists between men and women. The gap widens when accounting for different subgroups of women.\nWATCH: Cramer's interview with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi VIDEO 18:07 18:07 Nancy Pelosi on trade deals, health care, antitrust probes and more with Cramer Mad Money with Jim Cramer Disclosure: Cramer's charitable trust owns shares of Salesforce.com.\nQuestions for Cramer?\nCall Cramer: 1 800 743 CNBC\nWant to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up!\nMad Money Twitter Jim Cramer Twitter Facebook Instagram\nQuestions, comments, suggestions for the \"Mad Money\" website? madcap@cnbc.com", "URL": "https://www.cnbc.com/2019/09/17/pelosi-says-business-could-play-a-role-in-bringing-about-social-change.html"}, {"Title": "Global Cloud Natural Language Processing Market Size, Share, Documentation, CAGR by Technology, Key Players, Regions, Cost, Revenue and Forecast to 2022", "Text": "Figure Cloud Natural Language Processing Product Picture from 3M Company Chart 2014 2017 Global Manufacturer Cloud Natural Language Processing Shipments (Units) Chart 2014 2017 Global Manufacturer Cloud Natural Language Processing Shipments Share Chart 2014 2017 Global Manufacturer Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Revenue (Million USD) Chart 2014 2017 Global Manufacturer Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Revenue Share Chart 3M Company Cloud Natural Language Processing Shipments, Price, Revenue and Gross profit 2014 2017 Chart 3M Company Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Distribution Chart 3M Company Interview Record (Partly) Figure 3M Company Cloud Natural Language Processing Product Picture Chart 3M Company Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Profile Table 3M Company Cloud Natural Language Processing Product Specification Chart Apple Inc Cloud Natural Language Processing Shipments, Price, Revenue and Gross profit 2014 2017 Chart Apple Inc Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Distribution Chart Apple Inc Interview Record (Partly) Figure Apple Inc Cloud Natural Language Processing Product Picture Chart Apple Inc Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Overview Table Apple Inc Cloud Natural Language Processing Product Specification Chart Amazon Web Services Cloud Natural Language Processing Shipments, Price, Revenue and Gross profit 2014 2017 Chart Amazon Web Services Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Distribution Chart Amazon Web Services Interview Record (Partly) Figure Amazon Web Services Cloud Natural Language Processing Product Picture Chart Amazon Web Services Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Overview Table Amazon Web Services Cloud Natural Language Processing Product Specification Baidu Inc. Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Introduction continued \nAbout Us: Analytical Research Cognizance is an initiation in this new era of \"analysis @ thought.\" We are on a mission to replace the conventional research programs and give way to the latest methods and information for the organizations. We have created this hub of analytical research papers where you can get an access to the latest and the best research papers coming out from some reliable and budding research houses. After the advent of \"new analytics\" based on the data collection facilities of big data, the face of \"business research facilities\" has changed drastically.\nContact Info:", "URL": "https://marketersmedia.com/global-cloud-natural-language-processing-market-size-share-documentation-cagr-by-technology-key-players-regions-cost-revenue-and-forecast-to-2022/466196"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "VMware, Inc.", "intensity": 27.0, "score": 41088, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "Nutanix: There have always been losses. You know what's really fattening? Our subs", "Text": "Hyperconverged infrastructure purveyor Nutanix posted the biggest quarterly loss in its short history last night \u2013 but still got some love from Wall Street, with shares jumping 20 per cent in overnight trading.\nAfter two quarters of year on year revenue decline, Nutanix held steady, reporting a slight bump of 0.5 per cent to sales along with that $229.3m net loss, up 143 per cent compared to $94.3m a year ago.\nRevenues for Q1 of fiscal '20 ended 31 October were $314.8m compared to $313.3m a year ago. After several years of successive high growth quarters, this is Nutanix's third quarter in a row of no or slow growth.\nNutanix, if you remember, reported net losses of $379.6m in fiscal 2017, $297.2m for fiscal '18 and $621.2m for 2019. At the end of Q4, it had an accumulated deficit of $1.6bn.\nHowever, billings growth exceeded guidance; the loss was lower than expected; OEM sales through HPE are going well; and the market seemed happy, with shares up 20 per cent from $28.75 to $34.50.\nCEO Dheeraj Pandey emitted this Quote: : \"Our solid Q1 performance, particularly in the Americas, gives us confidence that we have the right formula for global sales leadership as demonstrated by improved productivity and sales hiring over the last six months. We have also seen momentum in key areas of our business, including the transition to subscription and an improved 28 per cent attach rate of new products onto our core HCI platform.\"\nIt's all about those cloudy subs Subscription billings were $276m, 73 per cent of the $380m total billings, up 41 per cent year on year. Its target is for 75 per cent of total billings be subscription based. Nutanix gained 780 new customers in the quarter, taking its total to 14,960 and a 30 per cent year on year growth rate. There were a record of 66 deals worth more than $1m, with nine deals worth more than $3m.\nNutanix is moving away from product licence sales towards subscription sales and these have a lower initial sales amount.\nPandey asserted that the subscription model \"paves the way for our long term profitability\".\nNutanix and VMware pretty much have a duopoly in hyperconverged infrastructure stakes, and both supply their software to run on commodity hardware. The market is becoming mature and the easy sales growth days are over.\nCustomers are adopting multi cloud strategies and Nutanix appears to be hoping that its subscription based products can have click based renewals with little or no direct human rep or channel involvement, lowering its costs.\nPandey said: \"If we get this right, it will immensely improve our profitability in the commercial mid market as most of the prospects would then be enabled with a digital touch and only the self selected ones would require a human touch.\n\"We've also done a thousand odd credit card transactions to sell our cloud services with zero human touch. Digital transactions are core to our future including for subscription renewal and eventually to our profitability.\"\nPandey alluded to sales problems getting fixed on an earnings call with analysts : \"The headline of the quarter was our continued momentum in execution across both sales and marketing... The Americas region delivered record high software and support... bookings this quarter.\"\nHe said he hopes Nutanix will have its products available in the Google Cloud Platform as they are in AWS and Azure. Amazon Outpost could also run Nutanix software.\nHe also singled out the partnership with HPE as delivering good sales progress, saying the firm had inked a \"nearly $2m deal in Q1 with a new customer, which is a large EMEA based insurance company\".\nSubscription billings and revenues are up. But the loss is large, the cash flow negative and growth flat.\nNutanix is in a long term competition with Dell's VMware for HCI on premises and in cloud sales and its path to profits lie in taking out cost. That means more OEM and public cloud partners. Snuggle up, cloudy folk.", "URL": "https://www.theregister.co.uk/2019/11/26/nutanix/"}, {"Title": "Top Analyst Reports for Amazon, 3M & Novartis", "Text": "Thursday, April 4, 2019 The Zacks Research Daily presents the best research output of our analyst team. Today's Research Daily features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Amazon (AMZN), 3M (MMM) and Novartis (NVS). These research reports have been hand picked from the roughly 70 reports published by our analyst team today.\nYou can see all of today's research reports here >>>\nBuy ranked Amazon 's shares have outperformed the broader market in the past year (the stock is up +25.4% vs. the +8% increase for the S&P 500 as a whole). The Zacks analyst thinks Amazon continues to ride on its ecommerce dominance. Its aggressive retail strategies, distribution strength and robust Prime remain the key catalysts.\nMoreover, rapid adoption of Prime owing to its customer benefits and strengthening grocery services is driving its top line growth. Further, the company's growing brick and mortar presence is a tailwind. Additionally, Amazon's continued momentum in AWS remains a major positive. Increasing AWS regions and its growing adoption will continue to aid Amazon's cloud dominance.\nHowever, first quarter 2019 revenue guidance remains disappointing. Further, rising cloud competition from the likes of Microsoft Azure and Google cloud is a significant headwind. Heavy investment in fulfillment centers is another concern.\n(You can read the full research report on Amazon here >>> ).\nShares of 3M have increased +11.7% in the past three months, underperforming the Zacks Diversified Operations industry, which has gained +18.7% over the same period. The Zacks analyst thinks 3M stands to gain from efforts to innovate products, solid demand and portfolio restructuring moves. Its acquisition of the technology business of M*Modal is likely to strengthen the Health Information Systems business in the months ahead.\nThe company is also steadily improving its cash position. In addition to this, 3M is on track to boost its shareholder return over time. However, for 2019, the company lowered the earnings projection from $10.60 $11.05 to $10.45 $10.90 per share and net sales growth guidance from 2 4% to 1 4%.\nForeign currency translation is predicted to adversely influence sales by 1%. In addition, inflation in prices of major inputs and rising competitive pressures pose threats to near term profitability. Also, the company looks overvalued compared with the industry.\n(You can read the full research report on 3M here >>> ).\nNovartis ' shares have outperformed the Zacks Large Cap Pharmaceuticals industry (+17.2% vs. +13%), in the past year. The Zacks analyst likes Novartis' strong oncology portfolio which includes drugs like Afinitor, Exjade, Jakavi, Zykadia, Tasigna, Jadenu and an improved formulation of Exjade.\nNew drugs like Cosentyx and Entresto continue to boost performance, while legacy drugs face stiff competition. The biosimilars portfolio has also gained traction. For Novartis, 2018 was a challenging year, as it restructured its business to focus on becoming a core drug focused company, powered by data and digital technologies.\nHowever, the generic division, Sandoz, continues to face pricing pressure in the United States. The division also suffered a blow when the FDA issued a CRL to its generic, Advair Diskus. Meanwhile, the company plans to spin off its eye care unit, Alcon, into a new company. The uptake of Kymriah and Kisqali has been slow.\n(You can read the full research report on Novartis here >>> ).\nOther noteworthy reports we are featuring today include VMware (VMW), Schlumberger (SLB) and ICICI Bank (IBN).\nToday's Best Stocks from Zacks\nWould you like to see the updated picks from our best market beating strategies? From 2017 through 2018, while the S&P 500 gained +15.8%, five of our screens returned +38.0%, +61.3%, +61.6%, +68.1%, and +98.3%.\nThis outperformance has not just been a recent phenomenon. From 2000 \u2013 2018, while the S&P averaged +4.8% per year, our top strategies averaged up to +56.2% per year.\nSee their latest picks free >>\nMark Vickery\nSenior Editor\nNote: Sheraz Mian heads the Zacks Equity Research department and is a well regarded expert of aggregate earnings. He is frequently Quote: d in the print and electronic media and publishes the weekly Earnings Trends and Earnings Preview reports. If you want an email notification each time Sheraz publishes a new article, please click here>>>\nToday's Must Read Amazon (AMZN) Banks on Growing AWS Adoption & Robust Prime\nHealth Care Business to Drive 3M's (MMM) Revenues\nCosentyx, Entresto, Fuel Novartis (NVS) As Sandoz Faces Hurdles\nFeatured Reports VMware (VMW) Drives on Hybrid Cloud & SaaS, License Bookings\nPer the Zacks analyst, VMware is benefiting from robust vSAN, NSX and EUC licensed bookings growth. Moreover, increasing proportion of Hybrid Cloud & SaaS revenues is positive.\nOffshore Projects Aid Schlumberger (SLB), Drilling Slowdown Ails\nThe Zacks analyst expects Schlumberger to gain from new offshore projects in the shallow water basins outside North America. However, slowdown in U.S. drilling will hurt the firm's oilfield services.\nTechnology, Loans Aid ICICI Bank (IBN), Asset Quality a Woe\nPer the Zacks analyst, ICICI Bank's efforts to digitize operations, and steady loan and deposit growth will support profitability.\nGrowing Topline Aids MarketAxess (MKTX), High Costs Hurt\nPer the Zacks analyst, growing revenues driven by selective buyouts and strategic alliances has led to significant growth.\nDomestic Oil Focus, Ongoing Investment Aid WPX Energy (WPX)\nPer the Zacks analyst WPX Energy's consistent investments to develop high margin Delaware and Williston Basins oil assets will continue to boost its performance.\nDave & Buster's (PLAY) Rides on Store Openings Amid High Costs\nPer the Zacks analyst, Dave & Buster's continued efforts to drive revenues through new store growth in both new and existing markets bodes well.\nIronwood's (IRWD) Linzess Holds Potential, IBS C Space Crowded\nThe Zacks analyst thinks that Linzess holds blockbuster potential with several label expansion under review.\nNew Upgrades Robust Used Car Market & Store Expansion Aid CarMax (KMX)\nPer the Zacks analyst, improved store sales & digital moves are driving CarMax's comparable store used vehicle unit sales. The rise in sales is getting complemented by aggressive store expansion.\nAcquisitions, Rise in Loans Aid Raymond James' (RJF) Growth\nPer the Zacks analyst, strategic acquisitions, strong balance sheet position and rising loan balances will support Raymond James' profitability in the quarters ahead.\nLamb Weston (LW) Sales to Gain from Price/Mix & Volumes\nPer the Zacks analyst, Lamb Weston's top line is likely to keep gaining from pricing actions, favorable mix and solid volumes. focus on limited time offerings has been driving volumes for a long time.\nNew Downgrades Republic Services (RSG) Grapples With Weak Landfill Pricing\nThe Zacks analyst believes that weak landfill pricing due to high cost of landfills and leachate can limit Republic Services' ability to increase prices, thereby weighing on its margins and earnings.\nWayfair (W) Hurt by Growing Expenses & Rising Competition\nPer the Zacks analyst, Wayfair is suffering from increasing advertising and investment spending. Further, growing competition in e commerce space from a dominant player like Amazon remains a headwind.\nWeak Tow Pricing, Higher Input Costs Ail Celanese (CE)\nPer the Zacks analyst, the company faces headwinds from lower acetate tow pricing and raw material cost inflation, which will weigh on its margins in 2019.\nWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\nVMware, Inc. (VMW) : Free Stock Analysis Report\nSchlumberger Limited (SLB) : Free Stock Analysis Report\nNovartis AG (NVS) : Free Stock Analysis Report\n3M Company (MMM) : Free Stock Analysis Report\nICICI Bank Limited (IBN) : Free Stock Analysis Report\nAmazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) : Free Stock Analysis Report\nTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.\nZacks Investment Research", "URL": "https://www.yahoo.com/news/top-analyst-reports-amazon-3m-181906576.html"}, {"Title": "Disaster Recovery as a Service Market Size, Share, Leading Playe", "Text": "\"Disaster Recovery as a Service Market\" Disaster Recovery as a Service Market, By Service Type (Real Time Replication, Backup, Data Security), By Service Provider (Cloud, Managed, Telecom & Communications), By Deployment (Private, Public, Hybrid) \u2013 Forecast 2023\nMarket Highlights\nDisaster recovery as a service is defined as replication and hosting of data on physical or virtual servers by a third party that saves data in the event of any kind of catastrophe. Market Research Future (MRFR) has published and released a research report about the global disaster recovery as a service (DRaaS) market that estimates excessive expansion for this market with 44% CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) during the forecast period between 2017 and 2023. In terms of cash, the market is expected to rise to US $ 21 bn.\nAnalyzing the market structure, this report evaluates the future growth potential of the market. It observes the strategies of the key players in the market and follows the competitive developments like joint ventures, new product developments, mergers and acquisitions, research and developments (R & D) in the market.\nMajor factors driving the global disaster recovery as a service market include the rapid adoption of cloud based solution and generation of high volume of real time data for any event. Such technologies are being leveraged by DRaaS providers for delivering insights into catastrophic situation (manmade or natural). Providing credible, secure and scalable solution, DRaaS providers ensure that businesses remain active in the event of a disaster.\nGet a Free Sample @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3230\nMajor Key players\nNTT Communications (Japan) HP Enterprises Company (U.S.) Amazon Web Services (U.S.) Microsoft Corporation (U.S.) VMware Inc. (U.S.) Cisco Systems (U.S.) IBM Corporation (U.S.) Cable & Wireless Communications (U.K.) Sungard Availability Services (U.S.) Treo Information Technology (Turkey). Regional Analysis:\nThe regions covered in the report include North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), the Middle East & Africa (MEA). North America is expected to spearhead the global disaster recovery as a service market. Technologically advanced countries in the region presents exciting opportunities. Moreover, investment in cloud based solutions in the U.S. and Canada facilitates a faster adoption of advanced disaster recovery systems. Moreover, many prominent DRaaS providers are based in the region, which give North America an edge.\nThe market in APAC is projected to witness the highest growth rate during the forecast period. Increased adoption of DRaaS in countries such as India, Japan and China is supporting the market growth in the region. Europe is also expected to remain a key market for DRaaS over the next several years. In terms of adoption, countries such as Germany, France, the U.S. among others will remain at the forefront.\nSegmentation:\nThe deployment based segmentation segments this market into hybrid cloud, private cloud, and public cloud. On the basis of the service provider, the market has been segmented into cloud service provider, managed service provider, telecom & communication service provider, and others. By service type, the market has been segmented into backup service, data security service, professional services, real time replication, support & maintenance, system integration, and training & consulting. As per verticals, the market has been segmented into Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI), government, healthcare, Information Technology (IT) & Telecommunication manufacturing, media, retail, and others.\nThe regional segmentation of the global disaster recovery as a service market has been segmented into continent based regional markets known as the Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and rest of the world (RoW). According to the report, North America has been estimated to hold the largest market share. The key reasons for North America being the largest market include technological advancements and increasing investments in cloud based solutions. The most important country specific markets in this region are the United States of America (USA) and Canada. Many key players in the global DRaaS market are based in the USA.\nLatest Industry News\nThe joint federal/state/county disaster recovery center that has assisted the residents with the Kilauea eruption recovery has shut down permanently. 24 SEP 2018 Arcserve has introduced business continuity cloud, a new and the market's only cloud born solution to safeguard complex IT infrastructures amid growing data protection concerns. 9 OCT 2018 Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/disaster recovery service market 3230\nList of Figures\nFIGURE 1 RESEARCH TYPE\nFIGURE 2 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\nFIGURE 3 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE PROVIDER (%)\nFIGURE 4 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY DEPLOYMENT (%)\nFIGURE 5 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)\nFIGURE 6 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY REGIONS (%)\nFIGURE 7 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\nFIGURE 8 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE PROVIDER (%)\nFIGURE 9 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY DEPLOYMENT (%)\nFIGURE 10 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)\nFIGURE 11 EUROPE DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\n Market Research Future\nContact Person: Abhishek Sawant\n +1 646 845 9312\nAddress: Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar\nCity: Pune\nState: Maharashtra\nCountry: India\nWebsite: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/disaster recovery service market 3230\nPress Release Distributed by ABNewswire.com\nTo view the original version on ABNewswire visit: Disaster Recovery as a Service Market Size, Share, Leading Players, Current Trends, Market Challenges, Growth Drivers and Business Opportunities", "URL": "http://www.valleyscw.com/story/41026051/disaster-recovery-as-a-service-market-size-share-leading-players-current-trends-market-challenges-growth-drivers-and-business-opportunities"}, {"Title": "Disaster Recovery Service Size, Growth Opportunities, Trends by Manufacturers, Regions, Application & Forecast to 2023", "Text": "Disaster Recovery as a Service Market, By Service Type (Real Time Replication, Backup, Data Security), By Service Provider (Cloud, Managed, Telecom & Communications), By Deployment (Private, Public, Hybrid) Forecast 2023\nPune, India \nMarket Highlights\nDisaster recovery as a service is defined as replication and hosting of data on physical or virtual servers by a third party that saves data in the event of any kind of catastrophe. Market Research Future (MRFR) has published and released a research report about the global disaster recovery as a service (DRaaS) market that estimates excessive expansion for this market with 44% CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) during the forecast period between 2017 and 2023. In terms of cash, the market is expected to rise to US $ 21 bn.\nAnalyzing the market structure, this report evaluates the future growth potential of the market. It observes the strategies of the key players in the market and follows the competitive developments like joint ventures, new product developments, mergers and acquisitions, research and developments (R & D) in the market.\nMajor factors driving the global disaster recovery as a service market include the rapid adoption of cloud based solution and generation of high volume of real time data for any event. Such technologies are being leveraged by DRaaS providers for delivering insights into catastrophic situation (manmade or natural). Providing credible, secure and scalable solution, DRaaS providers ensure that businesses remain active in the event of a disaster.\nGet a Free Sample @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3230\nMajor Key players\nNTT Communications (Japan)\nHP Enterprises Company (U.S.)\nAmazon Web Services (U.S.)\nMicrosoft Corporation (U.S.)\nVMware Inc. (U.S.)\nCisco Systems (U.S.)\nIBM Corporation (U.S.)\nCable & Wireless Communications (U.K.)\nSungard Availability Services (U.S.)\nTreo Information Technology (Turkey).\nRegional Analysis:\nThe regions covered in the report include North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), the Middle East & Africa (MEA). North America is expected to spearhead the global disaster recovery as a service market. Technologically advanced countries in the region presents exciting opportunities. Moreover, investment in cloud based solutions in the U.S. and Canada facilitates a faster adoption of advanced disaster recovery systems. Moreover, many prominent DRaaS providers are based in the region, which give North America an edge.\nThe market in APAC is projected to witness the highest growth rate during Increased adoption of DRaaS in countries such as India, Japan and China is supporting the market growth in the region. Europe is also expected to remain a key market for DRaaS over the next several years. In terms of adoption, countries such as Germany, France, the U.S. among others will remain at the forefront.\nSegmentation:\nThe deployment based segmentation segments this market into hybrid cloud, private cloud, and public cloud. On the basis of the service provider, the market has been segmented into cloud service provider, managed service provider, telecom & communication service provider, and others. By service type, the market has been segmented into backup service, data security service, professional services, real time replication, support & maintenance, system integration, and training & consulting. As per verticals, the market has been segmented into Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI), government, healthcare, Information Technology (IT) & Telecommunication manufacturing, media, retail, and others.\nThe regional segmentation of the global disaster recovery as a service market has been segmented into continent based regional markets known as the Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and rest of the world (RoW). According to the report, North America has been estimated to hold the largest market share. The key reasons for North America being the largest market include technological advancements and increasing investments in cloud based solutions. The most important country specific markets in this region are the United States of America (USA) and Canada. Many key players in the global DRaaS market are based in the USA.\nLatest Industry News\nThe joint federal/state/county disaster recovery center that has assisted the residents with the Kilauea eruption recovery has shut down permanently. 24 SEP 2018\nArcserve has introduced business continuity cloud, a new and the market's only cloud born solution to safeguard complex IT infrastructures amid growing data protection concerns. 9 OCT 2018\nBrowse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/disaster recovery service market 3230\nList of Figures\nFIGURE 1 RESEARCH TYPE\nFIGURE 2 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\nFIGURE 3 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE PROVIDER (%)\nFIGURE 4 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY DEPLOYMENT (%)\nFIGURE 5 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)\nFIGURE 6 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY REGIONS (%)\nFIGURE 7 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\nFIGURE 8 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE PROVIDER (%)\nFIGURE 9 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY DEPLOYMENT (%)\nFIGURE 10 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)\nFIGURE 11 EUROPE DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\nContact Info:\nName: Abhishek Sawant\n Market Research Future\nWebsite: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/disaster recovery service market 3230\nSource URL: https://marketersmedia.com/disaster recovery service market size growth opportunities trends by manufacturers regions application forecast to 2023/88893436\n 88893436", "URL": "http://business.wapakdailynews.com/wapakdailynews/news/read/38524640/disaster_recovery_service_market_size"}, {"Title": "Cloud-Based Workload Scheduling Software Market - Major Technology Giants in Buzz Again : Wrike, IBM & VMWare", "Text": "Cloud Based Workload Scheduling Software Market \u2013 Major Technology Giants in Buzz Again : Wrike, IBM & VMWare Cloud based Workload Scheduling Software Market Size | Status | Forecast 2025\nEdison, NJ ( SBWIRE ) 07/09/2019 A latest study released by HTF MI on Global Cloud based Workload Scheduling Software Market covering key business segments and wide scope geographies to get deep dive analysed market data. The study is a perfect balance bridging both qualitative and quantitative information of Cloud based Workload Scheduling Software market. The study provides historical data (i.e. Volume** & Value) from 2013 to 2018 and forecasted till 2025*. Some are the key & emerging players that are part of coverage and have being profiled are Cisco Systems, Dell, GE Company, Hitachi, BMC Software, CA Technologies, Wrike, IBM Corporation & VMWare. Click to get Global Cloud based Workload Scheduling Software Market Research Sample PDF Copy Instantly @: https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample report/1896592 global cloud based workload scheduling software market Key highlights that report is going to offer : Market Share & Sales Revenue by Key Players & Emerging Regional Players. [Some of the players covered in the study are Cisco Systems, Dell, GE Company, Hitachi, BMC Software, CA Technologies, Wrike, IBM Corporation & VMWare] Gap Analysis by Region. Country Level Break up will help you dig out Trends and opportunity lying in specific area of your business interest. Revenue splits by most promising business segments. [By Type (, Type I & Type II), By Application (Corporate Organizations, Govermnent Instututes & Others) and any other business Segment if applicable within scope of report] A separate chapter on Market Entropy to gain insights on Leaders aggressiveness towards market [Merger & Acquisition / Recent Investment and Key Developments] Patent Analysis** No of patents / Trademark filed in recent years. Competitive Landscape: Company profile for listed players with SWOT Analysis, Business Overview, Product/Services Specification, Business Headquarter, Downstream Buyers and Upstream Suppliers. ** May vary depending upon availability and feasibility of data with respect to Industry targeted Market Dynamics: Set of qualitative information that includes PESTEL Analysis, PORTER Five Forces Model, Value Chain Analysis and Macro Economic factors, Regulatory Framework along with Industry Background and Overview Buy Full Copy Global Cloud based Workload Scheduling Software Report 2018 @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy now?format=1&report=1896592 Competitive Landscape: Mergers & Acquisitions, Agreements & Collaborations, New Product Developments & Launches, Business overview & Product Specification for each player listed in the study. Players profiled are Cisco Systems, Dell, GE Company, Hitachi, BMC Software, CA Technologies, Wrike, IBM Corporation & VMWare Most frequently asked question: Can we add or profiled company as per our requirement? Yes, Companies of your interest can be profiled as per clients requirement in the report. Final approval would be provided by research team of HTF MI depending upon the difficulty of survey. Currently list of companies profiled in the study are Cisco Systems, Dell, GE Company, Hitachi, BMC Software, CA Technologies, Wrike, IBM Corporation & VMWare ** Data availability will be confirmed by research in case of privately held company. Upto 3 players can be added at no added cost. Segment & geographic Analysis: What Market Data breakdown will be provided by key geographies, Type & Application/End users Cloud based Workload Scheduling Software Market Revenue & Growth Rate by Type [, Type I & Type II] (Historical & Forecast) Cloud based Workload Scheduling Software Market Revenue & Growth Rate by Application [Corporate Organizations, Govermnent Instututes & Others] (Historical & Forecast) Cloud based Workload Scheduling Software Market Revenue & Growth Rate by Each Region Specified (Historical & Forecast) Cloud based Workload Scheduling Software Market Volume & Growth Rate by Each Region Specified, Application & Type (Historical & Forecast) Cloud based Workload Scheduling Software Market Revenue, Volume & Y O Y Growth Rate by Players (Base Year) Enquire for customization in Report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry before buy/1896592 global cloud based workload scheduling software market To comprehend Global Cloud based Workload Scheduling Software market dynamics in the world mainly, the worldwide Cloud based Workload Scheduling Software market is analyzed across major global regions. HTF MI also provides customized specific regional and country level reports for the following areas. North America: United States, Canada, and Mexico. South & Central America: Argentina, Chile, and Brazil. Middle East & Africa: Saudi Arabia, UAE, Turkey, Egypt and South Africa. Europe: UK, France, Italy, Germany, Spain, and Russia. Asia Pacific: India, China, Japan, South Korea, Indonesia, Singapore, and Australia. Actual Numbers & In Depth Analysis, Business opportunities, Market Size Estimation Available in Full Report. Browse for Full Report at @: https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/1896592 global cloud based workload scheduling software market Thanks for reading this article, you can also get individual chapter wise section or region wise report version like North America, Europe or Asia. Media Relations Contact", "URL": "http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/cloud-based-workload-scheduling-software-market-major-technology-giants-in-buzz-again-wrike-ibm-vmware-1244712.htm"}, {"Title": "Finance Cloud Service Market to Witness Huge Growth by 2025: Key Players Alibaba, AWS, Eze Castle Integration", "Text": "Finance Cloud Service Market to Witness Huge Growth by 2025: Key Players Alibaba, AWS, Eze Castle Integration Finance Cloud Service Market Projected to Show Strong Growth\nEdison, NJ A new business intelligence report released by HTF MI with title \"Global Finance Cloud Service Market Size, Status and Forecast 2019 2025\" has abilities to raise as the most significant market worldwide as it has remained playing a remarkable role in establishing progressive impacts on the universal economy. The Global Finance Cloud Service Market Report offers energetic visions to conclude and study market size, market hopes, and competitive surroundings. The research is derived through primary and secondary statistics sources and it comprises both qualitative and quantitative detailing. Some of the key players profiled in the study are Alibaba, AWS, Eze Castle Integration, Fujitsu, Google, IBM (Red Hat), Jack Henry & Associates, Microsoft, Oracle, Rackspace & VMware. Free Sample Report + All Related Graphs & Charts @ : https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample report/1606789 global finance cloud service market Market Overview of Global Finance Cloud Service If you are involved in the Global Finance Cloud Service industry or aim to be, then this study will provide you inclusive point of view. It's vital you keep your market knowledge up to date segmented by Applications [Bank, Securities Company, Insurance Company & Others], Product Types [, SaaS, IaaS & PaaS] and major players. If you have a different set of players/manufacturers according to geography or needs regional or country segmented reports we can provide customization according to your requirement. This study mainly helps understand which market segments or Region or Country they should focus in coming years to channelize their efforts and investments to maximize growth and profitability. The report presents the market competitive landscape and a consistent in depth analysis of the major vendor/key players in the market. Furthermore, the years considered for the study are as follows: Historical year \u2013 2013 2017 Base year \u2013 2018 Forecast period** \u2013 2018 to 2023 [** unless otherwise stated] **Moreover, it will also include the opportunities available in micro markets for stakeholders to invest, detailed analysis of competitive landscape and product services of key players. The titled segments and sub section of the market are illuminated below: The Study Explore the Product Types of Finance Cloud Service Market: , SaaS, IaaS & PaaS Key Applications/end users of Global Finance Cloud ServiceMarket: Bank, Securities Company, Insurance Company & Others Top Players in the Market are: Alibaba, AWS, Eze Castle Integration, Fujitsu, Google, IBM (Red Hat), Jack Henry & Associates, Microsoft, Oracle, Rackspace & VMware Region Included are: United States, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India & Central & South America Enquire for customization in Report @: https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry before buy/1606789 global finance cloud service market Important Features that are under offering & key highlights of the report: \u2013 Detailed overview of Finance Cloud Service market \u2013 Changing market dynamics of the industry \u2013 In depth market segmentation by Type, Application etc \u2013 Historical, current and projected market size in terms of volume and value \u2013 Recent industry trends and developments \u2013 Competitive landscape of Finance Cloud Service market \u2013 Strategies of key players and product offerings \u2013 Potential and niche segments/regions exhibiting promising growth \u2013 A neutral perspective towards Finance Cloud Service market performance \u2013 Must have information for market players to sustain and enhance their market footprint Read Detailed Index of full Research Study at @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/1606789 global finance cloud service market Major Highlights of TOC: Chapter One: Global Finance Cloud Service Market Industry Overview 1.1 Finance Cloud Service Industry 1.1.1 Overview 1.1.2 Products of Major Companies 1.2 Finance Cloud Service Market Segment 1.2.1 Industry Chain", "URL": "http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/finance-cloud-service-market-to-witness-huge-growth-by-2025-key-players-alibaba-aws-eze-castle-integration-1164022.htm"}, {"Title": "AIOps for Hybrid Multi-Cloud Working Group to Demonstrate Multi-Domain Data Virtualization Framework at ONUG Fall 2019 in NYC", "Text": "AIOps for Hybrid Multi Cloud Working Group to Demonstrate Multi Domain Data Virtualization Framework at ONUG Fall 2019 in NYC 5 hours ago Framework Provides an Abstraction Layer for Accessing State Data Sourced from Multiple Domains and Consolidated in Cloud Repositories for Analytics Powered by Machine Learning and AI\nBOSTON\u2013(BUSINESS WIRE)\u2013 ONUG , the voice of the Global 2000, is focused on the application of Artificial Intelligence (AI) to overcome the operational challenges of ensuring application performance in complex hybrid multi cloud environments that span multiple independent operational domains. At ONUG Fall 2019 in New York City (on Thursday, October 17 at 9:40 a.m.), the AIOps for Hybrid Multi Cloud Working Group will demonstrate a multi domain data virtualization framework that was initially presented at ONUG Spring in Dallas this past May.\nHybrid multi cloud deployments present IT operations teams with unique challenges because application delivery spans public networks and cloud infrastructure that the enterprise doesn't own, operate or control. The first step in applying AI to automate performance monitoring is to aggregate, normalize and enrich select state data that is sourced from many points across multiple independent domains. This data, which is maintained in a set of cloud based repositories, is accessed via a virtualization layer that supports common APIs for machine learning and AI tools to automatically detect performance anomalies, determine the root cause and take the necessary remedial actions.\n\"Just like a great wine starts with great grapes, great AIOps starts with great data,\" says Nick Lippis, ONUG Co Chair and Co Founder. \"The ONUG AIOps Working Group is addressing the fundamental challenge of gathering disparate state data spread across multiple domains and providing unified access to normalized data by machine learning and AI tools.\"\n\"The growing adoption of Agile & DevOps is putting pressure on IT operations teams to quickly sort through the critical metrics, logs and traces generated by multiple monitoring systems that are tracking the performance of different applications, services, systems and networks on premises and in the cloud,\" said Tsvi Gal, ONUG Board Member and Managing Director of Enterprise Infrastructure for Morgan Stanley. \"Collecting all the raw telemetry data and storing it in a massive data lake without filtering and analytics is costly, slow and inefficient. ONUG's AIOps initiative is a promising approach to selectively preparing and providing access and synthesis of the right datasets for automated AI driven analysis and operations tools.\"\n\"The enterprise IT industry's ultimate goal is to ensure cloud based application availability, performance and security across the entire expanse of hybrid multi cloud infrastructure through a single interface,\" said Chris Drumgoole, ONUG Board Member and CIO of GE. \"But it is challenging to administer a central data lake when IT operations have a global footprint. The ideal solution will provide access to the right set of state data based on each application's dependency map and use machine learning and AI techniques to automatically perform the necessary correlations to determine what is happening.\"\n\"Since the inception of Mist, we have been on the journey to develop an AI solution \u2014 'Marvis' \u2014 that can answer business critical questions on par with network domain experts,\" said Bob Friday, CTO of Mist, a Juniper Company. \"Through the efforts of this ONUG Working Group, Marvis and other AIOps solutions will be able to answer and solve IT problems with high granularity and confidence.\"\n\"The ONUG AIOps initiative addresses one of the most vexing challenges in IT operations: how to diagnose root cause when data is spread across separate data silos in different locations and inside a myriad of vendor products. Along with Juniper Networks and VMware, we've proven that vendors can adopt a common standard that breaks down these walls for the benefit of our shared customers,\" said David Mariani , Co Founder and Chief Strategy Officer of AtScale.\nThe ONUG AIOps Working Group will discuss and demonstrate the progress of the framework on Thursday, October 17, 9:40am at the Metropolitan Pavilion in New York City.\n\"We welcome all enterprise users and vendors to join the ONUG Community and participate in the AIOps for Hybrid Multi Cloud Working Group,\" said Stephen Collins, ONUG Working Group CTO. \"The demonstration in New York is but the first step on the long road to fully leveraging the power of AI to streamline and automate IT operations in the hybrid multi cloud era. The working group is keen to see users and vendors collaborating on multiple pilot proof of concept demonstrations that incorporate live data sourced from real world operational environments.\"\nThe test environment for the AIOps proof of concept was provided by an end user IT group at the Orlando VA Medical Center.\nTo learn more, visit ONUG Fall 2019 on October 16 17 in New York City. Accredited media are encouraged to attend. To request a press pass please click here.\nAbout ONUG\nONUG is the only organization composed of senior level IT executives from the Global 2000 that represents the interest and initiatives of the Enterprise Community. Through our global event series, Working Groups, training academies, and webinars, ONUG plays a central role in the creation of new and improved tools to develop, manage, and secure the Digital Enterprise. ONUG's peer permission structure fosters the exchange of information among the world's largest organizations as they build and secure the digital economy. The ONUG Board is comprised of IT leaders from Bank of America, Cigna, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, eBay, FedEx, Fidelity Investments, Gap Inc., GE, Intuit, JP Morgan Chase, Kaiser Permanente, the Lippis Report, Morgan Stanley, Pfizer, State Street Bank, TD Ameritrade, UBS, Oath, and hundreds more. For more on ONUG, go to www.onug.net or follow us on Twitter @ONUG_.\nONUG is a registered trademark. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.\nAbout Mist Systems\nMist Systems, a Juniper Networks company, is leading the transition to AI driven IT. The Mist Learning Wireless LAN (WLAN) makes Wi Fi predictable, reliable and measurable by providing unprecedented visibility into the user experience and by replacing time consuming manual IT tasks with proactive automation. In addition, Mist brings enterprise grade Wi Fi, BLE and IoT together to deliver personalized, location based wireless services without requiring battery powered beacons. All operations are managed via Mist's modern cloud architecture for maximum scalability, agility and performance.\nAbout Atscale\nAtScale is the category creator and leading provider of adaptive analytics for data architecture modernization. Enterprises worldwide use AtScale to automate their data engineering, eliminating data silos without the need for additional investments in data engineering. AtScale provides rich, atomic level data access to the enterprise to empower their data science and analytics teams.\nAtScale connects people to live data without the need to move it and without the traditional complexity \u2014 leveraging existing investments in big data platforms, applications and tools. AtScale creates a single set of semantics so consumers can query live data (either on premise or in the cloud) in seconds without having to understand how or where it is stored \u2014 with security, governance and predictability in data usage and storage costs.\nBy making data consumers more productive and enabling the unification of data, AtScale helps organizations transform into insight driven enterprises. With offices around the globe, AtScale is backed by top tier investors, including Morgan Stanley, Storm Ventures, Atlantic Bridge and Wells Fargo. For more information, visit www.AtScale.com , and join the conversation on Twitter and LinkedIn.\nContacts", "URL": "http://consumerelectronicsnet.com/aiops-for-hybrid-multi-cloud-working-group-to-demonstrate-multi-domain-data-virtualization-framework-at-onug-fall-2019-in-nyc/"}, {"Title": "JFrog Drives Cloud DevOps and DevSecOps, Leaps Ahead in Forbes 2019 Cloud 100", "Text": "SAN FRANCISCO JFrog , the award winning DevOps technology leader known for enabling liquid software via continuous update flows, has been named to the prestigious Forbes 2019 Cloud 100 list for a second consecutive year the definitive ranking of the top 100 privately held cloud companies in the world. The Cloud 100 list is published by Forbes in partnership with Bessemer Venture Partners and Salesforce Ventures.\nContinue Reading\nJFrog Drives Cloud DevOps and DevSecOps, Leaps Ahead in Forbes 2019 Cloud 100\n\"For four years now, we have ranked the best and brightest emerging companies in the cloud sector,\" said Alex Konrad , Forbes editor of The Cloud 100. \"With so many businesses growing fast in the cloud, from cybersecurity and marketing to data analytics and storage, it's harder than ever to make the Cloud 100 list \u2013 but with more elite company if you do. Congratulations to each of the 2019 Cloud 100 honorees and the 20 Rising Stars honorees poised to join their ranks!\"\nJFrog and the JFrog Platform are a driving force behind DevOps in the cloud, with enterprise grade solutions integrated across all major cloud automation platforms \u2013 Microsoft Azure , Amazon Web Services [AWS] and Google Cloud Platform [GCP] \u2013 affording developers the flexibility and choice to meet their unique delivery requirements.\n\"We are honored and humbled to be recognized again as one of the top 100 privately held cloud companies in the world,\" said Shlomi Ben Haim , JFrog CEO and Co Founder. \"We're driven by a single vision: to enable 'Liquid Software,' which delivers fast, automated and secure updates that flow continuously with no downtime. We imagine a world without software versions, and awards such as this provide validation of that vision.\"\n\"We're committed to investing in companies that are developing ground breaking products, including those that leverage the power of the cloud,\" said Jai Das , President and Managing Director at Sapphire Ventures. \"The JFrog platform enables continuous software updates for companies all around the world via cloud, revolutionizing the speed at which software is updated. We're excited to partner with the JFrog team to continue driving cloud growth and momentum in the DevOps and DevSecOps industries.\"\nJFrog is a fully hybrid, multi cloud and universal DevOps and DevSecOps solution that powers software packages from code repository to deployment. With more than 500% sales growth in the past 3 years, over 5,500 customers, including more than 70% of the Fortune 500, now trust JFrog with their hybrid DevOps pipelines. A listing on the Forbes Cloud 100 is strong validation of JFrog's continued focus on delivering cloud first DevOps innovation.\nForbes Cloud 100 Selection Process\nAs part of the rigorous selection process for the Forbes 2019 Cloud 100, Bessemer Venture Partners received submissions from hundreds of cloud startups. The Cloud 100 Judging Panel , made up of public cloud company CEOs, reviewed the data to select, score, and rank the top 100 private cloud companies from all over the world. The evaluation process involved ranking companies across four factors: market leadership (35%), estimated valuation (30%), operating metrics (20%), and people & culture (15%).\n\"There has been tremendous growth in the cloud market in recent years, as more and more companies are adopting cloud technologies to enable their digital transformation and change how they do business. The opportunity is massive in the cloud sector, which is evident in both the public and private sectors. There are now more than 15 public SaaS companies valued at over $10B whereas even 5 years ago there were only 2,\" said Matt Garratt , Managing Partner, Salesforce Ventures. \"The growth we are seeing is not limited to the Bay Area and San Francisco , as we are seeing more $1B+ cloud companies spring up throughout the U.S. and globally. Salesforce Ventures is excited to be partnering with Bessemer Venture Partners and Forbes for the fourth year in a row to recognize the next generation companies who will land on the Cloud 100 list\u2014those who are not just predicting what's coming but working to create the future.\"\nThe Forbes 2019 Cloud 100 and 20 Rising Stars lists are published online at www.forbes.com/cloud100 and will appear in the September 2019 issue of Forbes magazine.\nAbout JFrog \u2013 the Liquid Software Company\nJFrog is on a mission to enable continuous updates through liquid software, empowering developers to code high quality applications that securely flow to end users with zero downtime. JFrog is the creator of Artifactory , the heart of the end to end Universal DevOps platform for automating, managing, securing, distributing, and monitoring all types of technologies. JFrog products are available as open source , on premise , and on the cloud on AWS , Microsoft Azure , and Google Cloud. As the leading universal, highly available enterprise DevOps Solution, the JFrog platform empowers customers with trusted and expedited software releases from code to production. Trusted by more than 5,500 customers, the world's top brands, such as Amazon, Facebook, Google, Netflix, Uber, VMware, and Spotify depend on JFrog to manage their binaries for their mission critical applications. JFrog is privately held with offices across North America , Europe , and Asia. Learn more at jfrog.com.\nJFrog Media Contact:\nAlona Stein Blonde 2.0 for JFrog Alona@blonde20.com\nSOURCE JFrog", "URL": "https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jfrog-drives-cloud-devops-and-devsecops-leaps-ahead-in-forbes-2019-cloud-100-300916095.html"}, {"Title": "Cloud Management for the OpenStack Global Market 2019, Industry", "Text": "\"Cloud Management for the OpenStack Market\" WiseGuyReports.com adds \"Cloud Management for the OpenStack Market 2018 Global Analysis, Growth, Trends and Opportunities Research Report Forecasting to 2023\" reports to its database Summary\nWiseGuyReports.com adds \"Cloud Management for the OpenStack Market 2018 Global Analysis, Growth, Trends and Opportunities Research Report Forecasting to 2023\" reports to its database.\nThis report provides in depth study of \" Cloud Management for the OpenStack Market \" using SWOT analysis i.e. Strength, Weakness, Opportunities and Threat to the organization. The Cloud Management for the OpenStack Market report also provides an in depth survey of key players in the market which is based on the various objectives of an organization such as profiling, the product outline, the quantity of production, required raw material, and the financial health of the organization.\nThis report focuses on the global Cloud Management for the OpenStack status, future forecast, growth opportunity, key market and key players. The study objectives are to present the Cloud Management for the OpenStack development in United States, Europe and China.\nOpenStack controls functionalities within compute, storage, and networking resources through a data center. It is managed through web dashboards or API. The technology is suitable for hybrid infrastructure as it reduces the risk of lock ins that are associated with proprietary platforms. OpenStack is becoming a strategic choice for many organizations and service providers that offer cloud computing services on standard hardware. It is also ideal for companies deploying private clouds and large enterprises using cloud solutions across multiple continents.\nAccording to the report, one of the key drivers for market growth will be easy infrastructure management requirement. The ability of OpenStack to allow the addition of new components by end user requirement addresses the growing demand among enterprises for storage, computing, and space optimization. As new components can be added quickly because of its open nature, other existing cloud components can also run on OpenStack, thereby enhancing interoperability and integration. In addition, OpenStack infrastructure is evolving to provide the necessary tools for developers. Therefore, owing to its ease of management, we expect more numbers of enterprises should adopt the technology.\nThe key players covered in this study\nBMC Software\nHP\nIBM\nRed Hat\nVMware\nAdaptive Computing\nCA Technologies\nCisco Systems\nCitrix\nCliQr Technologies\nCloudBolt Software\nConvirture\nCSC\nDell\nEgenera\nEmbotics\nGigaSpaces Technologies\nGravitant\nMicro Focus\nMicrosoft\nOracle\nRightScale\nScalr\nServiceNow\nSplunk\nZimory\nMarket segment by Type, the product can be split into\nPublic Cloud\nPrivate Cloud\nCommunity Cloud\nHybrid Cloud\nMarket segment by Application, split into\nIT\nAcademic Research\nOthers\nMarket segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers\nUnited States\nEurope\nChina\nJapan\nSoutheast Asia\nIndia\nCentral & South America\nRequest a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample request/3356088 global cloud management for the openstack market size\nMajor Key Points in Table of Content\n1 Report Overview\n1.1 Study Scope\n1.2 Key Market Segments\n1.3 Players Covered\n1.4 Market Analysis by Type\n1.4.1 Global Cloud Management for the OpenStack Market Size Growth Rate by Type (2013 2025)\n1.4.2 Public Cloud\n1.4.3 Private Cloud\n1.4.4 Community Cloud\n1.4.5 Hybrid Cloud\n1.5 Market by Application\n1.5.1 Global Cloud Management for the OpenStack Market Share by Application (2013 2025)\n1.5.2 IT\n1.5.3 Academic Research\n1.5.4 Others\n1.6 Study Objectives\n1.7 Years Considered\n2 Global Growth Trends\n2.1 Cloud Management for the OpenStack Market Size\n2.2 Cloud Management for the OpenStack Growth Trends by Regions\n2.2.1 Cloud Management for the OpenStack Market Size by Regions (2013 2025)\n2.2.2 Cloud Management for the OpenStack Market Share by Regions (2013 2018)\n2.3 Industry Trends\n2.3.1 Market Top Trends\n2.3.2 Market Drivers\n2.3.3 Market Opportunities\n.\n12 International Players Profiles\n12.1 BMC Software\n12.1.1 BMC Software Company Details\n12.1.2 Company Description and Business Overview\n12.1.3 Cloud Management for the OpenStack Introduction\n12.1.4 BMC Software Revenue in Cloud Management for the OpenStack Business (2013 2018)\n12.1.5 BMC Software Recent Development\n12.2 HP\n12.2.1 HP Company Details\n12.2.2 Company Description and Business Overview\n12.2.3 Cloud Management for the OpenStack Introduction\n12.2.4 HP Revenue in Cloud Management for the OpenStack Business (2013 2018)\n12.2.5 HP Recent Development\n12.3 IBM\n12.3.1 IBM Company Details\n12.3.2 Company Description and Business Overview\n12.3.3 Cloud Management for the OpenStack Introduction\n12.3.4 IBM Revenue in Cloud Management for the OpenStack Business (2013 2018)\n12.3.5 IBM Recent Development\n12.4 Red Hat\n12.4.1 Red Hat Company Details\n12.4.2 Company Description and Business Overview\n12.4.3 Cloud Management for the OpenStack Introduction\n12.4.4 Red Hat Revenue in Cloud Management for the OpenStack Business (2013 2018)\n12.4.5 Red Hat Recent Development\n12.5 VMware\n12.5.1 VMware Company Details\n12.5.2 Company Description and Business Overview\n12.5.3 Cloud Management for the OpenStack Introduction\n12.5.4 VMware Revenue in Cloud Management for the OpenStack Business (2013 2018)\n12.5.5 VMware Recent Development\n12.6 Adaptive Computing\n12.6.1 Adaptive Computing Company Details\n12.6.2 Company Description and Business Overview\n12.6.3 Cloud Management for the OpenStack Introduction\n12.6.4 Adaptive Computing Revenue in Cloud Management for the OpenStack Business (2013 2018)\n12.6.5 Adaptive Computing Recent Development\n12.7 CA Technologies\n12.7.1 CA Technologies Company Details\n12.7.2 Company Description and Business Overview\n12.7.3 Cloud Management for the OpenStack Introduction\n12.7.4 CA Technologies Revenue in Cloud Management for the OpenStack Business (2013 2018)\n12.7.5 CA Technologies Recent Development\n12.8 Cisco Systems\n12.8.1 Cisco Systems Company Details\n12.8.2 Company Description and Business Overview\n12.8.3 Cloud Management for the OpenStack Introduction\n12.8.4 Cisco Systems Revenue in Cloud Management for the OpenStack Business (2013 2018)\n12.8.5 Cisco Systems Recent Development\n12.9 Citrix\n12.9.1 Citrix Company Details\n12.9.2 Company Description and Business Overview\n12.9.3 Cloud Management for the OpenStack Introduction\n12.9.4 Citrix Revenue in Cloud Management for the OpenStack Business (2013 2018)\n12.9.5 Citrix Recent Development\n12.10 CliQr Technologies\n12.10.1 CliQr Technologies Company Details\n12.10.2 Company Description and Business Overview\n12.10.3 Cloud Management for the OpenStack Introduction\n12.10.4 CliQr Technologies Revenue in Cloud Management for the OpenStack Business (2013 2018)\n12.10.5 CliQr Technologies Recent Development\n12.11 CloudBolt Software\n12.12 Convirture\n12.13 CSC\n12.14 Dell\n12.15 Egenera\n12.16 Embotics\n12.17 GigaSpaces Technologies\n12.18 Gravitant\n12.19 Micro Focus\n12.20 Microsoft\n12.21 Oracle\n12.22 RightScale\n12.23 Scalr\n12.24 ServiceNow\n12.25 Splunk\n12.26 Zimory\nAt any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/3356088 global cloud management for the openstack market size\nContinued.\nContact Us: sales@wiseguyreports.com\nPh: +1 646 845 9349 (US); Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)\n Wiseguyreports.com\nContact Person: Norah Trent\n +1 646 845 9349, +44 208 133 9349\nCity: Pune\nState: Maharashtra\nCountry: India\nWebsite: https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample request/3356088 global cloud management for the openstack market size\n Cloud Management for the OpenStack Global Market 2019, Industry Analysis, Growth Trends, Opportunity and Forecast To 2024", "URL": "http://www.valleyscw.com/story/40777388/cloud-management-for-the-openstack-global-market-2019-industry-analysis-growth-trends-opportunity-and-forecast-to-2024"}, {"Title": "IP Integration bolsters its cloud-based portfolio with Genesys", "Text": "Sam Heggie Collins\nIP Integration (IPI), the digital contact centre specialist announced that it is now partnering with Genesys in order to provide its customers with the widest choice of best of breed, cloud based contact centre solutions.\nAs an approved partner for Genesys PureCloud\u00e2, IPI can now offer contact centre operators maximum choice as they undertake their digital transformation projects, with the option of both private and public cloud based solutions \u2013 hosted in the UK or internationally \u2013 in addition to on premise solutions.\nAs part of the partnership, IPI is now accredited to offer, deploy and support PureCloud, an all in one cloud customer engagement and employee collaboration solution. A sophisticated public cloud based contact centre solution, PureCloud handles every aspect of customer interaction, including speech enabled interactive voice response (IVR), skills based queuing, as well as intelligent routing of phone calls, emails, web chats, text messages, and video interactions. It also handles the recording and archival of all interaction types; real time monitoring and supervision; insightful data analytics; speech analytics; and much more.\n\"IPI's reputation for designing, deploying and managing complex, multi channel contact centres for some of the UK's most prestigious brands made it the ideal partner for Genesys,\" said John Bell, Channel & Alliance Director at Genesys. \"The skill and expertise of its team, alongside its innovative applications, will significantly add to the quality of service and innovation which our products deliver to our customers. We are excited to welcome IPI to the fold and look forward to developing our relationship further.\" IPI's partnership with Genesys is in addition to its existing strategic relationships with other key contact centre solutions providers. Now IPI's customers can select the contact centre solution that best fits their needs, whether from Genesys or another provider.This can be on premise, in IPI's own UK based private cloud, IPI Cloud, in the public cloud via Genesys PureCloud or with another host of their choice.\n\"The cloud is pivotal to the next phase of digital contact centre innovation, and as such, the time was right for us to re evaluate and strengthen our partnerships in that area,\" said Mike Ing, Managing Director at IPI. \"The cloud provides a gateway to the latest cutting edge technologies, such as RPA and artificial intelligence (AI), all of which are set to transform the contact centre as we know it. By offering our customers the greatest choice over their solutions, we are providing them with the best experience with our brand and enabling them to focus on the delivery of innovations that will benefit their customers.\" This focus on the experience of customers is central to IPI's strategy and is reflected firmly in its cloud model. The IPI Cloud, a UK hosted cloud infrastructure fully integrated with IPI's networks, launched six months ago. IPI Cloud can exist as a pure hosting environment, but mostly is adopted as a Platform as a Service model, delivering infrastructure and applications to customers, whilst also guaranteeing their performance and delivery through robust SLAs.\n\"This adoption of a performance based approach in IPI Cloud is driven by our experience in the market and understanding of our customers, and signals our dedication to providing the best possible experiences,\" continued Ing. \"The development of IPI Cloud, and our expanded partnerships demonstrate our continued commitment to investing where it matters to our customers \u2013 delivering the contact centre of the future.\"\nAbout IP Integration:\nIPI is focused on creating intelligent contact centre solutions that deliver exceptional customer experiences. Founded in 2001, the company has more than 300 customers and support more than four million transactions and 55,000 agents every day.\nIPI partners with the industry's leading vendors \u2013 including Avaya, Blue Prism, CX Company, Gamma, Microsoft, Teleopti, Verint and VMWare \u2013 to provide a complete suite of contact centre solutions, available in the cloud, on premise, or as a managed service. These bespoke solutions cover every component of the contact centre \u2013 from call routing, unified communications, networking and security, right up to emerging technologies, such as AI chatbots and Robotic Process Automation. It also offers a range of professional services and devOps support, delivered by its highly accredited team of contact centre experts.\nHeadquartered in Reading, UK, IPI also has offices in London and Manchester, as well as in the Philippines.\nVisit https://www.ipintegration.com\nAbout Genesys\nGenesys\u00ae powers more than 25 billion of the world's best customer experiences each year. Our success comes from connecting employee and customer conversations on any channel. Every day, 11,000 companies in more than 100 countries trust our #1 customer experience platform to drive great business outcomes and create lasting relationships. Combining the best of technology and human ingenuity, we build solutions that mirror natural communication and work the way you think. Our industry leading solutions foster true omnichannel engagement because they perform equally well across channels, on premises and in the cloud. Experience communication as it should be: fluid, instinctive and profoundly empowering. Visit Genesys.com Post navigation", "URL": "http://directorsclub.news/2019/05/01/ip-integration-bolsters-its-cloud-based-portfolio-with-genesys/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "Workday, Inc.", "intensity": 5.0, "score": 41030, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "Icertis: Reducing risk and ensuring compliance through cloud management | Technology | Supply Chain Digital", "Text": "Icertis: Reducing risk and ensuring compliance through cloud management By Daniel Brightmore. Jan 07, 2019, 6:09AM\nSamir Bodas, co founder and CEO of Icertis, speaks to how the ICM Platform helps companies lower cost, reduce risk and ensure compliance in their supply chain amidst regulatory change.\nSeattle, Washington is a hotbed of digital innovation and home to contract management specialists Icertis. Co founder and CEO Samir Bodas worked at Microsoft in the 90s but when the millennium turned switched focus to start ups Icertis is his fifth, and most successful venture. \"T o build a successful software company you either have to create a technology wave or ride one. For us, it was the latter.\" In its early days Icertis was prepared to bet on cloud. \"We asked ourselves what type of enterprise software would move to the cloud and realised any that touch an external entity customer, supplier, partner etc would go to the cloud,\" explains Bodas, who recalls working his contacts at Microsoft before the software giant's Associate General Council suggested Icertis build a contract management system. \"We got the specifications and the opportunity to develop something with Microsoft as our first customer the only requirement was that it had to be with Microsoft's cloud in the ERP surround space. We built it, they licensed it and we were off to the races!\"\nMany races have since been won by the company as the Icertis Contract Management (ICM) Platform has grown to deliver enterprise wide contract management software for a diverse customer base (including ABB, Cognizant and 3M) supported by ICM Apps and ICM Experiences tailored for Microsoft Dynamics, Microsoft Teams, Office 365, Salesforce and Coupa. These allow users to create contracts with a single click, eliminating the problem of siloed data with an end to end solution for sourcing, procurement, inventory, supplier management and all associated contracts.\nContract management is not a new phenomenon, but contracts are now being digitised for more and more. \"Before, they were pdfs or scanned but nobody analysed the words within them like we can today with AI and Machine Learning,\" adds Bodas. \"Through our ICM Obligation Management app we can apply our technology to a contract and sniff out the obligations within by using AI. These could be commercial obligations or related to SLAs, insurance, drug testing and future innovations We can make sure these are tracked and make sure your suppliers are living up to your commitmentsandthat you are delivering on your contractual promises.\"\nA recent McKinsey study estimated leakage due to unfulfilled obligations at 2% so it's no surprise that this app has been met with a positive response. \"As one of the world's leading professional services companies, it's critical we closely manage the obligations enshrined in our contracts,\" says Frank Marty, Global Head of CLRM at Cognizant. \"Understanding and fulfilling our commitments to customers is critical to successfully delivering shareholder value.\"\nBodas is also keen for Icertis to embrace Blockchain in the smart contracts space. \"People thought it was a solution looking for a problem,\" he recalls. \"Now it's recognised as a way to submit information to a ledger and achieve insights anonymously. In a multi tier supply chain, how can you make sure everyone is following the rules? Multi tier supply chain contracts can be submitted anonymously via Blockchain, allowing us to unearth contractual risk and alert the parties that might be affected.\"\nKey partnerships are vital for Icertis to drive innovation and Microsoft has been on board since day one. \"The UI of Office 365 is very important to us because it's where lawyers spend a lot of their time you can now access the power of our platform straight from Word.\" Icertis has also partnered with Workday (using its SCM suite to help manage employment contracts) and Adobe (utilising Adobe Sign and Acrobat Reader). \"A contract is the central piece to everything you do in business and needs to be accessible,\" maintains Bodas. \"We're like Switzerland, we want to integrate with everything around us!\"\nIntegration is key for Icertis and Bodas champions the value of contract management for sourcing and procurement. \"The most important thing our system is able to do is, in addition to containing or lowering cost, is to lower risk and ensure compliance. The challenge in supply chains, or any kind of sourcing, is how you keep abreast of regulatory change and internal policy change. This is critical with Brexit on the horizon \" he warns. \"What actually happens to contracts when the law governing them changes? Do you re write them? Do you amend them? By digitising we become a sentry for our customers.\"\nHistorically there are four core systems of record in organisations CRM for customers, SRM for suppliers, a third for employees and a fourth for transactions to detail commercial developments. Bodas believes Icertis is at the forefront of a sea change; \"Never before have we had a system of record across a company which details all your commitments, entitlements and obligations. Until now it's been distributed in various silos. We are the fifth system which gives you a single source of truth for all of your obligations. Contracts are powerful documents offering the potential to maximise revenue, simplify compliance, cut costs and reduce risk, which is why we plug into all the systems to provide a better view of the gap. What we call, 'eliminating the data crevasse' that companies fall into when data is siloed.\"\nSpend Matters recognizes the impact that Icertis has had, maintaining that it is \"setting the functionality bar for contract lifecycle management\" and \"pushing some of its competitors off the map\". A s competition and vendor innovation continue to accelerate in the procurement software market, functional gaps between competitors are converging across the overall SolutionMap source to pay benchmark. This is not the case with Icertis as it continues to outpace others in releasing new capabilities.\nThis has led Airbus to appoint Icertis to help bridge its own data crevasse between sales side and supply chain contracting. Bodas elaborates: \"When you are building to order you don't start constructing an aircraft until after you've received the order. Suppliers need to be configured and on ramped when you sign the order. Icertis allows Airbus to ensure its suppliers are able to view a proposal t hat's in the process of selling an order then the two processes can occur in parallel so when the deal is signed the suppliers are locked in. The resulting commitments made are back to back with the suppliers allowing for transparency around quality control and penalties for delays etc.\" Klaus Richter, Chief Procurement Officer at Airbus is excited by the prospect of this transformative approach with Icertis: \"The ICM platform and ICM Sourcing app will allow us to digitally transform our commercial foundation in the supply chain, ensuring best in class supplier evaluation, selection, contracting and collaboration all while reducing supply chain risk.\"\nThanks to this growing customer base, Icertis has been growing its revenue by almost 100% year on year. Europe accounts for 40% of that revenue where the company has six offices allied to four others in Australia, Singapore and India. Bodas notes Europe is better embracing of digitisation and staying competitive, hence the plan to open a new office in the Nordics following the recently launched digital support centre in Sofia, Bulgaria. \"In 2019 we'll be building our alliances for further collaboration with other software vendors, because best of breed is where the world is going,\" he says. \"The challenge becomes about threading the best of breed software together so the data can be actioned properly. We'll keep betting on expansion because this is such a horizontal space and everybody needs contract management because everybody has contracts. Our mission is to be the contract management platform of the world.\"", "URL": "https://www.supplychaindigital.com/technology/icertis-reducing-risk-and-ensuring-compliance-through-cloud-management"}, {"Title": "3 Big Stock Charts for Monday: 3M, Bank of America, and Workday", "Text": "Copyright \u00a9 2019 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Breaking news 3 Big Stock Charts for Monday: MMM, BAC, and WDAY>>> READ MORE Home / Stock Picks / Stock Market Today / 3 Big Stock Charts for Monday: 3M, Bank of America, and Workday 3 Big Stock Charts for Monday: 3M, Bank of America, and Workday Broad market indices are flat, but as these three charts show, many key sectors are not By Vince Martin , InvestorPlace Contributor Oct 21, 2019, 7:40 am EDT October 21, 2019\nU.S. equities still are trying to find their footing. Broad market indices have traded mostly sideways for the past few months, and have continued that trend during the first few sessions of earnings season. But as these three big stock charts show, flattish trading for the market as a whole hides significant volatility in certain sectors. Source: Shutterstock\nGrowth stocks have tumbled. Key industrial stocks are fading among concerns about the trade war and weakening manufacturing metrics. Meanwhile, long shunned value stocks look more attractive \u2014 and are seeing buyers.\nMonday's three big stock charts highlight those trends, with implications that could go well beyond the stocks involved. Compare Brokers 3M (MMM)\nSince the beginning of 2018, 3M (NYSE: MMM ) has seen a worrisome technical pattern of lower lows and (mostly) lower highs. The fundamentals have been concerning as well. MMM stock plunged 13% in April after cutting guidance following Q1 earnings. MMM stock hasn't recovered, and touched a three year low earlier this month. The combination sets up an interesting chart ahead of Q3 earnings on Thursday morning: MMM stock has bounced nicely into the report, gaining 8% in the last seven trading sessions. Clearly, buyers are stepping in ahead of earnings, believing that either the stock is too cheap and/or that the Q3 release will supply good news. Technically, that raises hopes that a bottom is in, given a similar bounce from modestly higher lows in August. If MMM stock can hold these levels out of earnings, support may have held around $150, and that might suggest some strength going forward. Fundamentally, the report looks obviously key. Confidence in MMM stock is shaken. Other industrials like Caterpillar (NYSE: CAT ), Honeywell (NYSE: HON ) and even General Electric (NYSE: GE ) reflect concerns about broader demand. If 3M can deliver despite headwinds in China and in automotive, that might inspire confidence that its industrial peers can do the same. With valuations across the sector much more reasonable, a strong report from 3M could catalyze buying in those stocks. At the moment, investors seem to be betting on just such a report. On both fronts, however, a decline coming out of Thursday's report looks close to disastrous. Technically, the downtrend holds. Fundamentally, MMM stock doesn't look cheap enough at 16x 2020 EPS estimates \u2014 particularly given those estimates are likely to come down. Qualitatively, management credibility is damaged. This is a huge report for 3M on all fronts. Compare Brokers Bank of America (BAC)\nFor Bank of America (NYSE: BAC ), the story is quite different. BofA has already reported earnings. As with its fellow big banks, the news looked good. Meanwhile, BAC stock is one of our three big stock charts because it's challenging resistance, not testing support: As seen in the chart above, BAC stock has made a double top right at $31. Another effort to re take those levels suggests a potential inflection point technically. A move through that resistance could lead to a breakout. And with rival JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM ) facing a roughly similar setup, as we detailed last week, the entire sector could follow. Fundamentally, BAC stock is cheap enough to move higher, at a little over 11x 2019 consensus EPS estimates. So are other big bank stocks. Yet the group has been stuck for roughly 18 months now. Cheap hasn't been good enough yet, given worries about interest rates and a potential recession. A breakout for BAC stock could signal that investors are willing to take on cyclical risk \u2014 which, too, could read across to the broader financial industry, as well as sectors like construction and even retail. The question is, what happens if resistance holds again? BAC stock is cheap, but it's been cheap for a while, and for some good reasons. After strong earnings, a dip back below $30 might suggest that Bank of America stock is going to stay cheap for some time. Compare Brokers Workday (WDAY)\nWorkday (NASDAQ: WDAY ) is one of Monday's big stock charts \u2014 but any number of similar SaaS (software as a service) names could fit as well. High flying growth stocks have crashed across the board. WDAY stock is down by over 30%. Data play Alteryx (NYSE: AYX ) is off 35%. The list of decliners goes on: CrowdStrike (NASDAQ: CRWD ), Zscaler (NASDAQ: ZS ), Slack Technologies (NYSE: WORK ), Zoom Video Communications (NASDAQ: ZM ), and others.\nThe immediate question for WDAY stock, and the group, is where and when the bottom arrives. So far, there has been little evidence, though there was some modest good news in Friday's sell off: WDAY stock did bounce on Friday afternoon. The stock touched a 2019 low around $151, but rose roughly 2% in the second half of the session. A rally in the stock was undercut by an analyst downgrade last week after an analyst event suggested growth was set to decelerate. The buying on late Friday suggests some investors see value amid the 30% plus sell off. Click to Enlarge Source: Google Finance That said, the group as a whole looks weak. The BVP NASDAQ Emerging Cloud Index , which includes WDAY, ZS, Shopify (NYSE: SHOP ), and other fallen growth angels, has touched a seven month low. The index isn't a perfect comparable for SaaS names, but it does highlight broader weakness. The Invesco Dynamic Software ETF (NYSEARCA: PSJ ) is down 12% in less than three months, and its chart suggests a potential plunge if a bottom isn't formed. SaaS stocks typically have looked overvalued for much of this bull market and have risen anyway. The end of that trade could mean a shift to value, if the likes of BAC and MMM can rally. Conversely, it could mean that valuations again matter \u2014 for the entire market, not just high growth names.\nAs of this writing, Vince Martin has no positions in any securities mentioned.\nArticle printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2019/10/3 big stock charts monday 3m bank of america workday/.\n\u00a92019 InvestorPlace Media, LLC", "URL": "https://investorplace.com/2019/10/3-big-stock-charts-monday-3m-bank-of-america-workday/"}, {"Title": "TalkTech: Embracing SaaS: achieving the perfect balance", "Text": "by Computerworld HK Staff | Mar 28, 2019 5:06am The TalkTech Executive Roundtable, organized by Computerworld Hong Kong with Workday and entitled Moving Enterprise Applications to Cloud: The CIO playbook for enterprise SaaS adoption, asked leading Hong Kong IT leaders their insights into achieving the right balance.\nHong Kong companies are fully embracing the cloud. While many started their cloud journeys as rewiring their internal environment for agility and cost efficiency, others are closely examining cloud native enterprise services to replace their on premise mission critical applications.\nShifting to a Software as a Service (SaaS) offering is not a trivial question, however. Companies need to balance regulatory, security and performance concerns. The TalkTech Executive Roundtable , organized by Computerworld Hong Kong with Workday and entitled Moving Enterprise Applications to Cloud: The CIO playbook for enterprise SaaS adoption , asked leading Hong Kong IT leaders their insights into achieving the right balance.\nCloud first drive\nHong Kong enterprises are not shy about moving to the cloud. While regulatory concerns continue to dampen sentiment, the overall outlook is bright. But the lingering question is whether companies should become cloud first businesses in the first place.\n\"Yes, our strategic goal is 100% cloud,\" said Boris Brunold, deputy director, Strategy & Architecture \u2013 Group IT, CLP. However, Brunold also noted that it is difficult to move the entire operations to the cloud when his company is considered \"the benchmark of the world in terms of stability\" as he can no longer directly control stability in the cloud.\nData and privacy regulations are other limiting factors. \"We are 80% in the cloud. But we have data that we do not want to be exposed to the cloud for regulatory reasons,\" said Jacob Wai, chief data officer, MoneySQ.\nSaaS Crossroads\nMany, like Rajagopal Gampa, group vice president of IT, Rosewood Hotel Group, argued that the cloud journey is entering a new phase. Many first saw it as an infrastructure play. But when it comes to adopting enterprise applications in the cloud, companies are at a crossroad: should they move to a standardized offering, retain their current on premise infrastructure or \"lift and shift\" their apps to the cloud.\nThe debate is shifting towards SaaS offerings, observed Anil George, SaaS market analyst \u2013 APJ, Workday. \"One of the big narratives against cloud [enterprise apps] is that it is too standardized for companies to use. Yet, companies like Walmart, Amazon, and FedEx use Workday to run their operations.\"\nGeorge noted that one big advantage is managing versioning and upgrades \u2013 all Workday customers, for example, regardless of size or location, will always be \"on the latest version.\" \"so when we add new capabilities like artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning into the fabric of the Workday application, it is immediately available to our over 2,600 customers worldwide,\" he said.\nParticipants noted that sentiment about SaaS is slowly shifting for the positive. \"I think internally we are debating what we can and what we should not move to the cloud. But there is a big improvement in sentiment as I think over the past year cloud based technology has improved a lot,\" said Akina Ho, director of technology & business solutions, Great Eagle Company.\nDeciphering SaaS challenges\nWhile cloud offers a host of benefits for modern business, especially in terms of agility and access to key resources, it also requires IT teams to address new challenges.\nThe chief one at Haitong International Securities is performance.\n\"We are in the early stages of moving some of the applications to the cloud. One thing we have to mention is the performance issue on the cloud,\" said Henry An, the company's assistant director for Global Markets Technology.\nHe opined that if you have time sensitive or latency sensitive applications, like algorithmic trading, \"cloud does not have very good performance when compared to on premise infrastructure.\"\n\"Generally speaking, our experience of [moving to the cloud] has been good. But we faced some performance issues as well,\" added Derry Fong, director of information systems, Hong Kong University of Science & Technology.\nAt Langham Hospitality Group the question was about prioritization and cost efficiency. Shrikant Shenoy, the Group's senior vice president, innovation, digital transformation, and strategy pointed out that it becomes a big concern when migrating the applications to the cloud.\nEqually important for Shenoy is the promise of variable cost \u2013 essentially the promise of pricing the cloud service according to actual use. \"But what we have not seen yet in the pricing models of cloud providers is how to truly make it a variable cost when we move to the cloud,\" he said, alluding to the inability to easily reduce costs if the app usage decreases.\nStephen Lui, director of IT, Hong Kong Broadband Network noted that the march towards SaaS offering is, however, inevitable. \"If you look at the Gartner Magic Quadrant, most of the leaders are actually cloud vendors.\"\nChanging business IT landscape\nOne reason why companies are starting to consider SaaS is the lack of resources \u2013 a key concern across all company sizes.\n\"We are finding it harder and harder to find [skilled] resources in the market. So, the cloud lowers the pressure on the development side,\" said CLP's Brunold. With SaaS solutions \"you profit from the R&D work someone else is doing.\"\nRosewood Hotel Group's Gampa saw the role of IT is also shifting as more companies embrace the cloud. \"IT is moving from a service organization to becoming a strategic part of the business.\"\nMaking IT strategic becomes a big advantage in today's dynamic landscape where companies are constantly streamlining operations, buying other companies and merging with others.\n\"It really depends on your core business. But if you are looking to buy or merge new businesses, you cannot turn off a bare metal infrastructure because of amortization costs and such. But in the cloud, you can. That allows the board to make strategic decisions,\" said MoneySQ's Wai.\nUser experience is another reason why companies are embracing SaaS. \"The general concern is whether users [of an enterprise app] are really getting value out of the system.\"\nWith millennials entering the workforce, companies are looking to build an environment that helps them to be productive and retain these talents.\n\"[Millennials] have had a great experience in engaging through mobile apps. But when they come to work, they need to go through a process driven screen to get anything done. And so [many become] disengaged. One of the primary reasons [for our customers to deploy SaaS] is to make sure that whatever they put in place is used and consumed by their end users,\" George commented.\nA matter of corporate will\nMany participants acknowledged that companies will need to rethink their value proposition and purpose when adopting SaaS offerings. Traditional mindset or viewpoints need to upgrade.\nFor example, Haitong International Securities' An noted that migrating an on premise app to the cloud and migrating the data to a cloud based SaaS offering are two \"very different things.\"\n\"Cloud apps are designed differently, so we need to examine from architecture and compliance perspectives,\" commented An.\nFor the most part, companies understand this. However, the real question is whether corporate has the will to take action. \"The issue is that from a senior management perspective, they rather not take the risk at the moment,\" he continued.\nNegotiating with cloud providers also adds a different dimension to the debate. \"In the hotel industry, we see the big cloud providers like Amazon and third parties that we exchange personal information with, like Booking.com and Google. Good luck trying to get them to accept your clauses,\" said Langham's Shenoy.\nTransformation should be the driver\nIn the end, it is about how companies handle change management.\nWorkday's George admitted that with SaaS you are selecting a partner, not a vendor. \"This is why we have put in a lot of effort to ensure that our customers are consistently going live on time, on budget and within a short period of time,\" he said, adding that the company is moving toward zero system downtime.\nGeorge also noted that if the company is not looking to transform their business and IT systems, then \"we feel it is not the right time to engage with them.\"\nHong Kong Broadband Network's Lui echoed the same sentiment. \"Moving to the cloud will not have much [impact] unless you are willing to change your organization first,\" he said. Read more on", "URL": "https://www.cw.com.hk/cloud/talktech-embracing-saas-achieving-perfect-balance"}, {"Title": "WDAY Stock Price - Workday Inc. Cl A Stock Quote (U.S.)", "Text": "50 Fortune Future Long Term Global Gainers: 16 Pay Dividends Nov. 5, 2019 at 4:08 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha ClearBridge Mid Cap Growth Strategy Portfolio Manager Commentary Q3 2019 Nov. 4, 2019 at 5:21 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Innovation Is Key to Shopify Stock's Success Oct. 30, 2019 at 1:49 p.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com Salesforce Stock Is Overvalued Despite Posting Revenue Growth Oct. 30, 2019 at 10:06 a.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com ServiceNow Earnings: Strong Backlog Growth Outshines Slow Billings Oct. 28, 2019 at 8:54 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha TWTR vs. WDAY: Which Stock Is the Better Value Option? Oct. 25, 2019 at 9:30 a.m. ET on Zacks.com Deep Dive: Microsoft Remains 'Best Positioned In Tech' Oct. 24, 2019 at 12:15 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Workday: Turned The Wrong Corner Oct. 23, 2019 at 3:00 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha CEO Jilts ServiceNow; Boeing And Texas Instruments Disappoint; Several Other Interesting Trades Oct. 23, 2019 at 1:08 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha News And Themes Make Facebook, Boeing, ServiceNow, Texas Instruments, And Snapchat Good Trades Today Oct. 23, 2019 at 1:08 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Splunk Stock Could Hit New 2019 Lows Oct. 22, 2019 at 2:58 p.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com Workday +1.9% after bullish upgrade Oct. 22, 2019 at 10:05 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dropbox, EA, Halliburton, Intuit, Juniper Networks, ProLogis, Silicon Motion, Taiwan Semi, Textron, Vertex and More Stocks were indicated to have a mixed opening bell on Tuesday, but the S&P 500 was last seen back above 3,000 and is now well within 1% of an all time high all over again. If things were simple enough, it might feel like all that persistent uncertainty around trade wars, impeachment, armed conflict and even [ ] Oct. 22, 2019 at 8:13 a.m. ET on 247WallSt.com Earnings Questions Make This a Dangerous Time to Buy Amazon Stock Oct. 22, 2019 at 7:10 a.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com 3 Big Stock Charts for Tuesday: Johnson & Johnson, Adobe, and Applied Materials Oct. 22, 2019 at 7:24 a.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com Daily Insider Ratings Round Up 10/17/19 Oct. 21, 2019 at 8:15 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Workday Rising Event Highlights The Medium Term Bull Case Oct. 21, 2019 at 7:51 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Insider Weekends: Bill Gurley Purchases Over $3 Million Worth Of Stitch Fix Oct. 21, 2019 at 2:24 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Fiera Capital Mid Cap Growth Strategy Q3 2019 Commentary Oct. 21, 2019 at 1:35 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha 3 Big Stock Charts for Monday: 3M, Bank of America, and Workday Oct. 21, 2019 at 7:40 a.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com HCM Software Market Update; Buying Industry Spree Resumes Nov. 5, 2019 at 5:18 a.m. ET on HTF Market Intelligence Workday Announces Intent to Acquire Scout RFP Nov. 4, 2019 at 4:01 p.m. ET on GlobeNewswire Workday Announces Intent to Acquire Scout RFP Nov. 4, 2019 at 4:01 p.m. ET on GlobeNewswire Recruiting Software Market to See Major Growth by 2025| Zoho, BambooHR, Ultimate Software Nov. 4, 2019 at 2:21 a.m. ET on ABNewswire Workforce Analytics Market Insight And Future Assessment for the Period 2017 \u2013 2025 Nov. 4, 2019 at 1:42 a.m. ET on AmericaNewsHour Global Human Capital Management Market Anticipated to Record at a CAGR of 9.4% during 2019 2027 Oct. 31, 2019 at 3:48 a.m. ET on AmericaNewsHour Workday Announces Livestream and On Demand Sessions for Workday Rising Europe 2019 Oct. 30, 2019 at 5:00 a.m. ET on Globe Newswire ERP Software Market Report to Share Key Aspects of The Industry with The Details of Influence Factors 2026 Oct. 28, 2019 at 5:56 a.m. ET on Innovative Reports ERP Software Market New Innovation Including Key Players Like SAP SE, Oracle Corporation, Sage Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd., Workday, Inc., Infor Oct. 28, 2019 at 5:55 a.m. ET on Hitech News Daily ERP Software Market 2019 Global Industry Size, Demand, Growth Analysis, Share, Revenue, Manufacturers and Forecast 2026 Oct. 28, 2019 at 5:55 a.m. ET on Market Research Analyst Integrated Accounting Software Market 2019 Global Size & Share, Future Growth, Trends Evaluation, Demands, Regional Analysis and Forecast to 2026 Oct. 25, 2019 at 5:02 a.m. ET on The Express Wire Workforce Analytics Market 2019: By Application, Leading Players Update, Region, Market Estimate, Project Economics, Pricing Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast 2026 Oct. 25, 2019 at 3:06 a.m. ET on The Express Wire Applicant Tracking Systems Market Technologies From 2018 2025 Oct. 25, 2019 at 2:57 a.m. ET on AmericaNewsHour Cloud ERP Market 2019 Global Analysis By Share, Size, Growth, Trends And Regional Forecast To 2024 Oct. 24, 2019 at 4:43 a.m. ET on Heraldkeepers Workforce Analytics Market 2018 2023|Industry Insights by Growth, Emerging Trends and Forecast Oct. 24, 2019 at 3:55 a.m. ET on AmericaNewsHour Applicant Tracking System (ATS) Market to Set Astonishing Growth from 2018 to 2025 Oct. 23, 2019 at 8:15 p.m. ET on Market Research Analyst Accounting Practice Management Software Market to See Huge Growth by 2025 | Intuit, Sage, SAP, Oracle, Microsoft Oct. 23, 2019 at 7:52 a.m. ET on HTF Market Intelligence Accounting Software Market 2019 Global Market Growth, Trends, Revenue, Key Suppliers, Demands and Detailed Insights on Upcoming Trends till 2026 Oct. 22, 2019 at 1:26 a.m. ET on The Express Wire Financial Accounting Software Market Is Booming Worldwide | Intuit, Sage Group, SAP, Oracle (NetSuite), Microsoft Oct. 18, 2019 at 8:21 a.m. ET on ABNewswire ERP Solutions Market Outlook to 2018 by Global Top Players INFOR, Epicor Software Corp, Microsoft Corp, RootStock Software, Oracle FinancialForce.com Inc and moreCorp, Oct. 18, 2019 at 6:59 a.m. ET on Hitech News Daily Workday Inc. Cl A Workday, Inc. engages in the development of enterprise cloud applications for finance and human resources. It delivers financial management, human capital management, and analytics applications designed for companies, educational institutions, and government agencies. The company was founded by David A. Duffield and Aneel Bhusri in March 2005 and is headquartered in Pleasanton, CA. ( See Full Profile ) Analyst Ratings", "URL": "https://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/wday"}, {"Title": "Global Cloud Natural Language Processing Market Size, Share, Documentation, CAGR by Technology, Key Players, Regions, Cost, Revenue and Forecast to 2022", "Text": "Figure Cloud Natural Language Processing Product Picture from 3M Company Chart 2014 2017 Global Manufacturer Cloud Natural Language Processing Shipments (Units) Chart 2014 2017 Global Manufacturer Cloud Natural Language Processing Shipments Share Chart 2014 2017 Global Manufacturer Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Revenue (Million USD) Chart 2014 2017 Global Manufacturer Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Revenue Share Chart 3M Company Cloud Natural Language Processing Shipments, Price, Revenue and Gross profit 2014 2017 Chart 3M Company Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Distribution Chart 3M Company Interview Record (Partly) Figure 3M Company Cloud Natural Language Processing Product Picture Chart 3M Company Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Profile Table 3M Company Cloud Natural Language Processing Product Specification Chart Apple Inc Cloud Natural Language Processing Shipments, Price, Revenue and Gross profit 2014 2017 Chart Apple Inc Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Distribution Chart Apple Inc Interview Record (Partly) Figure Apple Inc Cloud Natural Language Processing Product Picture Chart Apple Inc Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Overview Table Apple Inc Cloud Natural Language Processing Product Specification Chart Amazon Web Services Cloud Natural Language Processing Shipments, Price, Revenue and Gross profit 2014 2017 Chart Amazon Web Services Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Distribution Chart Amazon Web Services Interview Record (Partly) Figure Amazon Web Services Cloud Natural Language Processing Product Picture Chart Amazon Web Services Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Overview Table Amazon Web Services Cloud Natural Language Processing Product Specification Baidu Inc. Cloud Natural Language Processing Business Introduction continued \nAbout Us: Analytical Research Cognizance is an initiation in this new era of \"analysis @ thought.\" We are on a mission to replace the conventional research programs and give way to the latest methods and information for the organizations. We have created this hub of analytical research papers where you can get an access to the latest and the best research papers coming out from some reliable and budding research houses. After the advent of \"new analytics\" based on the data collection facilities of big data, the face of \"business research facilities\" has changed drastically.\nContact Info:", "URL": "https://marketersmedia.com/global-cloud-natural-language-processing-market-size-share-documentation-cagr-by-technology-key-players-regions-cost-revenue-and-forecast-to-2022/466196"}, {"Title": "World Clinical Risk Grouping Solutions Market Valued at $426M in 2019 is Projected to Cross $828M by 2024", "Text": "November 08, 2019 05:34 ET | Source: Research and Markets\nDublin, Nov. 08, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) The \"Clinical Risk Grouping Solutions Market by Product (Scorecard & Visualization Tools, Dashboard Analytics, Risk Reporting), Deployment (Private Cloud, Public Cloud, Hybrid Cloud), End User and Region Global Forecast to 2024\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering. This report analyzes the clinical risk grouping solutions market and aims at estimating the market size and future growth potential of this market based on various segments such as product, deployment model, end user, and region. The report also provides a competitive analysis of the key players in this market, along with their company profiles, product offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies.\nThe clinical risk grouping solutions market is projected to reach USD 828.8 million by 2024 from USD 426.8 million in 2019, at a CAGR of 14.2%.Focus on risk management and big data solutions are driving the market for clinical risk grouping solutions. However, a lack of infrastructure for supporting this technology is expected to restrain the growth of the market to a certain extent during the forecast period.\nThe prominent players in the global clinical risk grouping solutions market are 3M Corporation (US), Optum Inc. (US), Cerner Corporation (US), Conduent Inc. (US), Nuance Communications (US), Health Catalyst (US), HBI Solutions (US), Johns Hopkins University (US), Lightbeam Health Solutions (US), Dynamic Healthcare Systems (US), 4S Information Systems (US), Evolent Health (US), and PeraHealth (US).\nDashboard analytics segment to show the fastest growth during the forecast period\nBased on product, the clinical risk grouping solutions market is segmented into three major categories, viz., scorecard & visualization tools, dashboard analytics, and risk reporting. The dashboard analytics segment is expected to witness one of the highest CAGR within the clinical risk grouping solutions market. High adoption of dashboard analytics by healthcare providers, the increasing adoption of risk management solutions in the healthcare industry, growing requirements for accuracy & quality of patient care, and the rising use of big data solutions in healthcare are driving the growth of the segment.\nPrivate cloud to hold the largest share of the clinical risk grouping solutions market during the forecast period\nBased on the deployment model, the clinical risk grouping solutions market is segmented into private cloud, public cloud, and hybrid cloud. In 2018, the private cloud segment accounted for the dominant share of the clinical risk grouping solutions market. The large share of this segment is attributed to the fact that private cloud deployment offers the best security for sensitive data. Additionally, a private cloud offers on demand infrastructure with dedicated resources that can be shared across domains, applications, and units within the same organization.\nNorth America accounted for the largest share of the market in 2018, whereas the Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market\nThe study discusses the clinical risk grouping solutions market trends for North America, Europe, the Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa. In 2018, North America accounted for the largest share of the global clinical risk grouping solutions market. The large share of North America can be attributed to the support for adopting HCIT by providers and payers, increasing focus on population health services, and greater availability of clinical risk grouping solutions\nHowever, Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market with the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Factors such as the presence of a larger patient population demanding better healthcare at lower costs, economic growth, rising geriatric population, emergence of big data in healthcare, and the growing focus of various market players on emerging Asian countries are expected to drive the growth of the clinical risk grouping solutions market in the Asia Pacific.\nKey Topics Covered", "URL": "https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2019/11/08/1943875/0/en/World-Clinical-Risk-Grouping-Solutions-Market-Valued-at-426M-in-2019-is-Projected-to-Cross-828M-by-2024.html"}, {"Title": "Wall Street enjoyed a huge rally this quarter. But there were some losers - KBZK.com", "Text": "March 29, 2019\nWall Street was a winner's circle this quarter. The market surged on hopes that the US economy and corporate profits would keep growing and that the Federal Reserve wasn't about to hike interest rates.\nThe Dow is up more than 11% this year while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq have surged 13% and 16.5% respectively. It's a stunning reversal from the doom and gloom fears that were pervasive in the fourth quarter of last year.\nXerox, Chipotle, AMD, GE and HanesBrands were a few of the most well known companies that investors really loved. Each stock is up more than 35%.\nAnd big tech stocks, including the favorite FAANG fivesome of Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Netflix and Google owner Alphabet, had a strong first quarter too. Tech stocks a safe haven in 'earnings drought'\nTech stocks should continue to do well, because profits could keep growing at a time when investors are worried about a potential \"earnings drought\" for other sectors, said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager with Synovus Trust Company.\nHe thinks investors need to be cautious and not make bets just on FAANG. He said companies with significant exposure to cloud computing will probably outperform the rest of tech.\n\"There are pockets of strength in tech,\" Morgan said, adding that he likes Amazon (thanks to its AWS business), Microsoft, Salesforce and HR cloud software firm Workday more than techs with a bigger focus on consumer spending and advertising.\nBut not everyone enjoyed 2019's early rebound. Even though it was pretty hard to lose money in the first three months of 2019, 47 companies in the S&P 500 werein the red for the year as of Thursday's market close. Several are very familiar names.\nKraft Heinz, Macy's, Newell Brands, CVS and Kroger all sunk this quarter on weak results. All are sporting double digit percentage losses. Changing consumer behavior hurting retail and staples companies\nLook closely and you'll find that many of these market losers share some things in common. They all have been hurt by the rise of Amazon, Walmart and other giant retailers like Target and Costco, as well as a shift in consumer tastes.\nConcerns about the retail competitive landscape have clearly hurt CVS, Kroger and Macy's. Shares of Walgreens, Nordstrom, Coach owner Tapestry and Gap have also missed out on the market rally this year.\nAnd the move towards healthier eating has been bad news for Kraft Heinz as well as market laggards Coca Cola.\nThe problems plaguing Kraft Heinz and Coke are also a contributing factor in the drop in price of Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway as well.\nBerkshire Hathaway is the largest shareholder in Kraft Heinz and Coke. Buffett'sfirm also owns Dairy Queen and See's Candies. Playing defense with dividends\nStill, some investors think that investors should be looking more closely at boring, defensive consumer companies, especially with fears rising about a global economic slowdown eventually leading to sluggishness in the United States.\nMike Morey, chief investment officer at Integrity Viking Funds, said investors should be looking for safety. And that means companies that pay solid dividends which can hold up better if the economy does lose steam.\nMorey told CNN Business his firm owns Procter & Gamble, which he dubbed as a recession proof stock. He also likes tobacco company Altria, pointing to the company's recent investments in vaping giant Juul as well as cannabis company Cronos.\nHe even likes some tech stocks too, but only the ones that are financially healthy enough to pay dividends. Morey said his funds own IBM and chip companies Broadcom and Texas Instruments.\n\"This is a stock picker's market. And dividend payers should outperform,\" Morey said. CNN News", "URL": "https://kbzk.com/cnn-business-consumer/2019/03/29/wall-street-enjoyed-a-huge-rally-this-quarter-but-there-were-some-losers-2/"}, {"Title": "PAR Technology Corporation Announces 2019 Third Quarter Results and Announces Plans to Acquire Industry Leading Restaurant Backoffice Software Provider - Restaurant Magic", "Text": "Twitter News Feed Item PAR Technology Corporation Announces 2019 Third Quarter Results and Announces Plans to Acquire Industry Leading Restaurant Backoffice Software Provider Restaurant Magic November 7, 2019 04:00 PM EST\nPAR Technology Corporation (NYSE:PAR) (\"PAR Technology\" or the \"Company\") today announced its results for its third quarter ended September 30, 2019.\nSummary of Fiscal 2019 Third Quarter and Year to Date Financial Results Revenues were reported at $45.4 million for the third quarter of 2019, compared to $46.4 million for the same period in 2018, a 2.2% decrease. GAAP net loss for the third quarter of 2019 was $5.9 million, or $0.36 loss per share, a decrease from the GAAP net loss of $16.7 million, or $1.04 loss per share reported for the same period in 2018. Non GAAP net loss for the third quarter of 2019 was $4.2 million, or $0.26 loss per share, compared to non GAAP net loss of $1.0 million, or $0.06 loss per share, for the same period in 2018. Revenues were reported at $134.3 million for the first nine months of 2019, compared to $154.6 million for the same period in 2018, a 13.1% decrease. GAAP net loss for the first nine months of 2019 was $9.7 million, or $0.61 loss per share, a decrease from the GAAP net loss of $18.0 million, or $1.12 loss per share reported for the same period in 2018. Non GAAP net loss for the first nine months of 2019 was $5.9 million, or $0.37 loss per share, compared to non GAAP net loss of $1.1 million or $0.07 loss per share, for the same period in 2018.\nA reconciliation and description of non GAAP financial measures to corresponding GAAP financial measures are included in the tables at the end of this press release.\nPAR Technology also announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, ParTech, Inc., has entered into an interest purchase agreement to acquire AccSys, LLC (f/k/a AccSys, Inc. and otherwise known as Restaurant Magic (\"Restaurant Magic\")), a restaurant software company located in Tampa, FL and the developers of Data Central. Data Central is a suite of cloud backoffice applications to help restaurants achieve operational and financial goals. The purchase price of $42 million for Restaurant Magic will be financed primarily through cash and equity. The acquisition is expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2019.\nSavneet Singh, PAR Technology CEO & President commented, \"I am very pleased to announce that PAR has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Restaurant Magic, a leader in backoffice subscription software for enterprise restaurants. Restaurant Magic's software leverages business intelligence and automation technologies to decrease food costs, manage labor and improve overall customer service. This announcement today marks another significant milestone in the rapid evolution of PAR Technology. Our Company continues to transform itself as we build out our restaurant technology solutions, led by our Brink POS software, to be the leading cloud technology provider for enterprise restaurants. I'm extremely excited to announce the merging of two powerful entities to create the premier restaurant technology company delivering the required and critical services that are fundamentally changing how restaurants operate around the world. Combining Restaurant Management with our leading Brink POS software will alter how enterprise restaurants communicate, access data, conduct commerce and manage their businesses across rapidly converging tech platforms.\"\n\"We are thrilled to be joining forces with PAR Technology. Our decision to become a part of PAR was based upon our belief that by combining our companies we will provide new and stronger opportunities to our clients and employees,\" said Drew Peloubet, CEO of Restaurant Magic. \"The goal of our company has always been to maintain continual growth for our company to better meet the needs of our customers, while fiercely protecting the investment our end users have made in deploying our backoffice software applications. Restaurant Magic's suite of enterprise applications and services are an excellent fit with PAR Technology's popular restaurant technology offerings, and together will provide customers throughout the restaurant industry with the most robust set of solutions in the marketplace. The combination of PAR and Restaurant Magic will immediately create an industry leading front to backend cloud technology solution for restaurants.\"\nMr. Singh continued, \"To report on the quarter, we continued to execute our business strategies for growth through investments in product development and acquisitions. Importantly, we've begun to see acceleration in Brink bookings and believe this trend will continue. This increase in bookings is primarily related to the dramatic set of changes we made earlier in the year and we expect a stronger pace of bookings in 2020. Our purchase of 3M Company's Drive Thru Communications Systems business has also been exceeding our expectations since we closed on the deal September 30th, leading to additional Brink POS prospects and a number of ancillary software opportunities. In regards to our Government segment, we again reported lower comparative revenues from the same period in 2018, as we navigate funding gaps with specific ISR contract vehicles. Although we are confident this is a timing issue that will be corrected in the coming quarters, we will manage this aggressively in the near term.\"\nHighlights of the Third Quarter 2019: Brink ARR* at end of Q3 '19 now totals $17.9 million an increase of 30% and $4.1 million from end of Q3 '18 New store activations in Q3 totaled 630 sites Brink bookings in Q3 '19 961 restaurants a 41% increase from Q2 '19 Active Brink sites as of October 14th now total 9,300 restaurants (net of churn) Brink Open Orders (backlog) totaled 682 stores at end of Q3 Brink bookings in Q3' 19 ASP** = over $200 per month *ARR Run rate of annual recurring revenues SaaS and support revenues **ASP Average selling price SaaS and support revenues\nConference Call. There will be a conference call at 4:30 p.m. (Eastern) on November 7, 2019, during which the Company's management will discuss the financial results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2019. To participate in the call, please call 844 419 5412, approximately 10 minutes in advance. No passcode is required to participate in the live call or to listen to the replay version. Individual & Institutional Investors will have the opportunity to listen to the conference call/event over the internet by visiting the Company's website at www.partech.com/about/news. Alternatively, listeners may access an archived version of the presentation call after 7:30 p.m. on November 7, 2019 through November 14, 2019 by dialing 855 859 2056 and using conference ID 9384228.\nAbout PAR Technology Corporation.\nPAR Technology Corporation's stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol \"PAR\". PAR's Restaurant/Retail reporting segment has been a leading provider of restaurant and retail technology for more than 40 years. PAR offers management technology solutions for the full spectrum of restaurant operations, from large chain and independent table service restaurants to international quick service chains. PAR products can be found in retailers, cinemas, cruise lines, stadiums, and food service companies. PAR's Government reporting segment is a leader in providing computer based system design, engineering and technical services to the Department of Defense and various federal agencies. For more information visit http://www.partech.com or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter.\nForward Looking Statements.\nThis press release contains \"forward looking statements\" within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward looking statements are not historical in nature, but rather are predictive of the Company's future operations, financial condition, business strategies and prospects. Forward looking statements are generally identified by words such as \"anticipate\", \"believe,\" \"belief,\" \"continue,\" \"could,\" \"expect,\" \"estimate,\" \"intend,\" \"may,\" \"opportunity,\" \"plan,\" \"should,\" \"will,\" \"would,\" \"will likely result,\" and similar expressions. Forward looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions as to future occurrences and trends, including statements expressing optimism or pessimism about future operating results or events and projected sales, earnings, capital expenditures and business strategies, that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward looking statements, including the risk that the transaction among the Company and Restaurant Magic, with others, does not close; uncertainties as to the timing of the closing of the transaction; potential business uncertainties relating to the transaction, including potential disruptions to the Company's business and operational relationships; the Company's ability to achieve anticipated synergies, and the anticipated costs, timing and complexity of integration; delays in new product development and/or product introduction; changes in customer base and product, and services demands; and prevailing economic conditions, including fluctuations in supply of, demand for, and pricing of, the Company's products and services. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and the Company's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities law. PAR TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)", "URL": "http://businesswire.sys-con.com/node/4416804"}, {"Title": "Wall Street enjoyed a huge rally this quarter. But there were so", "Text": "By Paul R. La Monica, CNN Business\nWall Street was a winner's circle this quarter. The market surged on hopes that the US economy and corporate profits would keep growing and that the Federal Reserve wasn't about to hike interest rates.\nThe Dow is up about 10% this year while the S&P 500 and Nasdaq have surged 12% and 15.5% respectively. It's a stunning reversal from the doom and gloom fears that were pervasive in the fourth quarter of last year.\nXerox, Chipotle, AMD, GE and HanesBrands were a few of the most well known companies that investors really loved. Each stock is up more than 35%.\nAnd big tech stocks, including the favorite FAANG fivesome of Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Netflix and Google owner Alphabet, had a strong first quarter too.\nTech stocks a safe haven in 'earnings drought'\nTech stocks should continue to do well, because profits could keep growing at a time when investors are worried about a potential \"earnings drought\" for other sectors, said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager with Synovus Trust Company.\nHe thinks investors need to be cautious and not make bets just on FAANG. He said companies with significant exposure to cloud computing will probably outperform the rest of tech.\n\"There are pockets of strength in tech,\" Morgan said, adding that he likes Amazon (thanks to its AWS business), Microsoft, Salesforce and HR cloud software firm Workday more than techs with a bigger focus on consumer spending and advertising.\nBut not everyone enjoyed 2019's early rebound. Even though it was pretty hard to lose money in the first three months of 2019, 49 companies in the S&P 500 were in the red for the year as of Tuesday's market close. And Several are very familiar names.\nKraft Heinz, Macy's, Newell Brands, CVS and Kroger all sunk this quarter on weak results. All are sporting double digit percentage losses.\nChanging consumer behavior hurting retail and staples companies\nLook closely and you'll find that many of these market losers share some things in common. They all have been hurt by the rise of Amazon, Walmart and other giant retailers like Target and Costco, as well as a shift in consumer tastes.\nConcerns about the retail competitive landscape have clearly hurt CVS, Kroger and Macy's. Shares of Walgreens, Nordstrom, Coach owner Tapestry and Gap have also missed out on the market rally this year.\nAnd the move towards healthier eating has been bad news for Kraft Heinz as well as market laggards Coca Cola.\nThe problems plaguing Kraft Heinz and Coke are also a contributing factor in the drop in price of Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway as well.\nBerkshire Hathaway is the largest shareholder in Kraft Heinz and Coke. Buffett's firm also owns Dairy Queen and See's Candies.\nPlaying defense with dividends\nStill, some investors think that investors should be looking more closely at boring, defensive consumer companies, especially with fears rising about a global economic slowdown eventually leading to sluggishness in the United States.\nMike Morey, chief investment officer at Integrity Viking Funds, said investors should be looking for safety. And that means companies that pay solid dividends which can hold up better if the economy does lose steam.\nMorey told CNN Business his firm owns Procter & Gamble, which he dubbed as a recession proof stock. He also likes tobacco company Altria, pointing to the company's recent investments in vaping giant Juul as well as cannabis company Cronos.\nHe even likes some tech stocks too, but only the ones that are financially healthy enough to pay dividends. Morey said his funds own IBM and chip companies Broadcom and Texas Instruments.\n\"This is a stock picker's market. And dividend payers should outperform,\" Morey said.", "URL": "http://www.wicz.com/story/40205762/wall-street-enjoyed-a-huge-rally-this-quarter-but-there-were-some-losers"}, {"Title": "PAR Technology Corporation Announces 2019 Third Quarter Results and Announces Plans to Acquire Industry Leading Restaurant Backoffice Software Provider - Restaurant Magic", "Text": "PAR Technology Corporation (NYSE:PAR) (\"PAR Technology\" or the \"Company\") today announced its results for its third quarter ended September 30, 2019.\nSummary of Fiscal 2019 Third Quarter and Year to Date Financial Results Revenues were reported at $45.4 million for the third quarter of 2019, compared to $46.4 million for the same period in 2018, a 2.2% decrease. GAAP net loss for the third quarter of 2019 was $5.9 million, or $0.36 loss per share, a decrease from the GAAP net loss of $16.7 million, or $1.04 loss per share reported for the same period in 2018. Non GAAP net loss for the third quarter of 2019 was $4.2 million, or $0.26 loss per share, compared to non GAAP net loss of $1.0 million, or $0.06 loss per share, for the same period in 2018. Revenues were reported at $134.3 million for the first nine months of 2019, compared to $154.6 million for the same period in 2018, a 13.1% decrease. GAAP net loss for the first nine months of 2019 was $9.7 million, or $0.61 loss per share, a decrease from the GAAP net loss of $18.0 million, or $1.12 loss per share reported for the same period in 2018. Non GAAP net loss for the first nine months of 2019 was $5.9 million, or $0.37 loss per share, compared to non GAAP net loss of $1.1 million or $0.07 loss per share, for the same period in 2018.\nA reconciliation and description of non GAAP financial measures to corresponding GAAP financial measures are included in the tables at the end of this press release.\nPAR Technology also announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, ParTech, Inc., has entered into an interest purchase agreement to acquire AccSys, LLC (f/k/a AccSys, Inc. and otherwise known as Restaurant Magic (\"Restaurant Magic\")), a restaurant software company located in Tampa, FL and the developers of Data Central. Data Central is a suite of cloud backoffice applications to help restaurants achieve operational and financial goals. The purchase price of $42 million for Restaurant Magic will be financed primarily through cash and equity. The acquisition is expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2019.\nSavneet Singh, PAR Technology CEO & President commented, \"I am very pleased to announce that PAR has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Restaurant Magic, a leader in backoffice subscription software for enterprise restaurants. Restaurant Magic's software leverages business intelligence and automation technologies to decrease food costs, manage labor and improve overall customer service. This announcement today marks another significant milestone in the rapid evolution of PAR Technology. Our Company continues to transform itself as we build out our restaurant technology solutions, led by our Brink POS software, to be the leading cloud technology provider for enterprise restaurants. I'm extremely excited to announce the merging of two powerful entities to create the premier restaurant technology company delivering the required and critical services that are fundamentally changing how restaurants operate around the world. Combining Restaurant Management with our leading Brink POS software will alter how enterprise restaurants communicate, access data, conduct commerce and manage their businesses across rapidly converging tech platforms.\"\n\"We are thrilled to be joining forces with PAR Technology. Our decision to become a part of PAR was based upon our belief that by combining our companies we will provide new and stronger opportunities to our clients and employees,\" said Drew Peloubet, CEO of Restaurant Magic. \"The goal of our company has always been to maintain continual growth for our company to better meet the needs of our customers, while fiercely protecting the investment our end users have made in deploying our backoffice software applications. Restaurant Magic's suite of enterprise applications and services are an excellent fit with PAR Technology's popular restaurant technology offerings, and together will provide customers throughout the restaurant industry with the most robust set of solutions in the marketplace. The combination of PAR and Restaurant Magic will immediately create an industry leading front to backend cloud technology solution for restaurants.\"\nMr. Singh continued, \"To report on the quarter, we continued to execute our business strategies for growth through investments in product development and acquisitions. Importantly, we've begun to see acceleration in Brink bookings and believe this trend will continue. This increase in bookings is primarily related to the dramatic set of changes we made earlier in the year and we expect a stronger pace of bookings in 2020. Our purchase of 3M Company's Drive Thru Communications Systems business has also been exceeding our expectations since we closed on the deal September 30th, leading to additional Brink POS prospects and a number of ancillary software opportunities. In regards to our Government segment, we again reported lower comparative revenues from the same period in 2018, as we navigate funding gaps with specific ISR contract vehicles. Although we are confident this is a timing issue that will be corrected in the coming quarters, we will manage this aggressively in the near term.\"\nHighlights of the Third Quarter 2019: Brink ARR* at end of Q3 '19 now totals $17.9 million an increase of 30% and $4.1 million from end of Q3 '18 New store activations in Q3 totaled 630 sites Brink bookings in Q3 '19 961 restaurants a 41% increase from Q2 '19 Active Brink sites as of October 14th now total 9,300 restaurants (net of churn) Brink Open Orders (backlog) totaled 682 stores at end of Q3 Brink bookings in Q3' 19 ASP** = over $200 per month*ARR Run rate of annual recurring revenues SaaS and support revenues**ASP Average selling price SaaS and support revenues\nConference Call.There will be a conference call at 4:30 p.m. (Eastern) on November 7, 2019, during which the Company's management will discuss the financial results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2019. To participate in the call, please call 844 419 5412, approximately 10 minutes in advance. No passcode is required to participate in the live call or to listen to the replay version. Individual & Institutional Investors will have the opportunity to listen to the conference call/event over the internet by visiting the Company's website at LINK. Alternatively, listeners may access an archived version of the presentation call after 7:30 p.m. on November 7, 2019 through November 14, 2019 by dialing 855 859 2056 and using conference ID 9384228.\nAbout PAR Technology Corporation.\nPAR Technology Corporation's stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol \"PAR\". PAR's Restaurant/Retail reporting segment has been a leading provider of restaurant and retail technology for more than 40 years. PAR offers management technology solutions for the full spectrum of restaurant operations, from large chain and independent table service restaurants to international quick service chains. PAR products can be found in retailers, cinemas, cruise lines, stadiums, and food service companies. PAR's Government reporting segment is a leader in providing computer based system design, engineering and technical services to the Department of Defense and various federal agencies. For more information visit LINK or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter.\nForward Looking Statements.\nThis press release contains \"forward looking statements\" within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward looking statements are not historical in nature, but rather are predictive of the Company's future operations, financial condition, business strategies and prospects. Forward looking statements are generally identified by words such as \"anticipate\", \"believe,\" \"belief,\" \"continue,\" \"could,\" \"expect,\" \"estimate,\" \"intend,\" \"may,\" \"opportunity,\" \"plan,\" \"should,\" \"will,\" \"would,\" \"will likely result,\" and similar expressions. Forward looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions as to future occurrences and trends, including statements expressing optimism or pessimism about future operating results or events and projected sales, earnings, capital expenditures and business strategies, that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward looking statements, including the risk that the transaction among the Company and Restaurant Magic, with others, does not close; uncertainties as to the timing of the closing of the transaction; potential business uncertainties relating to the transaction, including potential disruptions to the Company's business and operational relationships; the Company's ability to achieve anticipated synergies, and the anticipated costs, timing and complexity of integration; delays in new product development and/or product introduction; changes in customer base and product, and services demands; and prevailing economic conditions, including fluctuations in supply of, demand for, and pricing of, the Company's products and services. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and the Company's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities law. PAR TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)", "URL": "https://www.sectorpublishingintelligence.co.uk/news/2551184/par-technology-corporation-announces-2019-third-quarter-results-and-announces-plans-to-acquire-industry-leading-restaurant-backoffice-software-provider--restaurant-magic"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "3M Interamerica Inc", "industry": "Wholesale Distribution & Services", "segment": "Enterprise", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Microsoft Corporation", "intensity": 39.75, "score": 42304, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "Icertis Named to Elite Forbes 2019 Cloud 100 List", "Text": "Icertis Named to Elite Forbes 2019 Cloud 100 List Icertis Named to Elite Forbes 2019 Cloud 100 List\nBELLEVUE, Wash. , Sept. 18, 2019 /PRNewswire/ Icertis , the leading provider of enterprise contract management in the cloud, today announced its inclusion in Forbes 2019 Cloud 100 , the definitive list of the top private cloud companies in the world.\nForbes recognized Icertis out of hundreds of cloud start up nominees due to its impressive customer roster of iconic global companies , award winning culture, and ground breaking vision that reimagines the contract lifecycle management (CLM) category as foundational to digital transformation.\n\"For four years now, we have ranked the best and brightest emerging companies in the cloud sector,\" said Alex Konrad , Forbes editor of The Cloud 100. \"With so many businesses growing fast in the cloud, from cybersecurity and marketing to data analytics and storage, it's harder than ever to make the Cloud 100 list \u2013 but with more elite company if you do. Congratulations to Icertis and each of the 2019 Cloud 100 honorees poised to join their ranks!\"\nThe Forbes Cloud 100, produced in partnership with Bessemer Venture Partners and Salesforce Ventures, is curated by a select judging panel made up of public cloud company CEOs that rank companies across four factors: market leadership, estimated valuation, operating metrics and people/culture.\n\"We are honored to be recognized as the only contract management start up on the Forbes Cloud 100. This is further evidence of our market leadership in the $20 billion CLM category,\" said Samir Bodas , CEO and Co founder of Icertis. \"Being named to this elite grop of fast growing, capital efficient companies further validates our strategy and vision of digitally transforming contracting \u2013 the foundation of commerce. Most importantly, this award is a testament to the success of our values driven approach to business and how that delivers real ROI for our customers.\"\nNatively built on Microsoft Azure, the Icertis Contract Management (ICM) platform turns contracts into strategic business assets, giving global enterprises powerful new capabilities to accelerate contracting, protect against risk and optimize their commercial relationships. Icertis stands out in this fast growing category by solving the hardest contract management problems on the easiest to use platform.\nThe acknowledgment by Forbes follows a string of recent announcements recognizing Icertis' product leadership, technological prowess and outstanding culture including: Being named as a finalist for 'Most Innovative Cloud Product or Service for Large Companies' in the Cloud Excellence awards, Earning the Innovation and Excellence award for \"Outstanding Service Provider\" in EMEA from the International Association for Contract & Commercial Management (IACCM), Winning three Partner of the Year awards from Microsoft, Being recognized as the top AI start up in Washington by CB Insights, and Securing a spot in the Top 100 Company to Work For in Washington list published by Seattle Business Magazine.\nFor more information about Icertis, visit www.icertis.com.\nAbout Icertis\nIcertis, the leading enterprise contract management platform in the cloud, solves the hardest contract management problems on the easiest to use platform. With Icertis, companies accelerate their business by increasing contract velocity, protect against risk by ensuring regulatory and policy compliance, and optimize their commercial relationships by maximizing revenue and reducing costs. The AI infused Icertis Contract Management (ICM) platform is used by companies like 3M , Airbus, Cognizant, Daimler, Microsoft and Sanofi to manage 5.7 million contracts in 40+ languages across 90+ countries.\nIcertis Media Contact:", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/09/18/9019470.htm"}, {"Title": "Cloud services backup: survey finds major gap between perceptions and realities", "Text": "IT disaster recovery, cloud computing and information security news Cloud services backup: survey finds major gap between perceptions and realities 08:54\nUK enterprises are placing themselves at serious risk by misunderstanding their cloud service providers' backup provisions, according to research for 4sl. In the Vanson Bourne survey of 200 large UK enterprises, the majority of senior IT decision makers believe that their cloud service providers retain backup data for much longer than they actually do.\nFor example, of the two most commonly used cloud services, 73 percent of respondents using Microsoft Office 365 Exchange Online believe data is recoverable for longer than the standard 14 days; and 92 percent of using Google Cloud incorrectly believe the service includes backup provision as standard.\nThis need not be an issue \u2013 enterprises who have made provisions for backup beyond their cloud providers' standard offerings will not be at risk. Yet worryingly, more than half of enterprises rely on the standard backup provision of at least one service provider: 46 percent of organizations using Microsoft Office 365 Exchange Online and 51 percent of those using Google Cloud Platform believe their data is recoverable for far longer than it is \u2013 exposing themselves to the risk of permanent data loss or non compliance.\n\"If this blind spot in organizations' knowledge continues, the risks of data loss and non compliance will only increase,\" said Barnaby Mote, CEO and founder of 4sl. \"The desire to pass on responsibility for backup to service providers is understandable \u2013 backup environments are becoming extremely complex, and the peace of mind that a responsible partner is managing backup can be invaluable. However, enterprises need to understand that, in the main, the standard level of backup provided for infrastructure or software as a service won't meet their needs. More than likely they'll need to invest in the expertise or services to ensure their data in the cloud is protected and retained for long enough.\"\nMore than three quarters of enterprises see handing over responsibility for backup as a benefit of adopting cloud services, although only 30 percent know their cloud service providers' backup and recovery processes in detail. However, the need for support with backups is clear \u2013 61 percent of enterprises are struggling with extremely complex backup environments. At the same time, there is a clear compliance need to ensure backup data is kept. 80 percent of enterprises say they have to retain backups for a specific length of time to meet regulatory obligations.\nWithout action, the issue is likely to intensify. Enterprise use of cloud services increased by 40 percent between 2017 and 2017, while backup environments are growing by 37 percent each year. Despite enterprises reporting they spend almost \u00a37m a year on cloud services, and \u00a33m a year on backup, they will still find fixing the issue challenging \u2013 as the growing diversity of cloud services continues to increase backup complexity. 54 percent of enterprises say that the cloud makes backup harder, while 58 percent say that the nature of the cloud \u2013 and the fact that it can be procured across the business \u2013 makes it more difficult to enforce backup policies. This is exacerbated by 66 percent of enterprises saying a lack of skills has made backup more difficult.\n\"It may seem difficult or complex, but enterprises must take control of backup,\" continued Barnaby Mote. \"At the very least, they need to understand the precise capabilities they have, and what data may be at risk. Yet they also need to understand precisely how technology advances such as microservices impact backup, and how to adapt to them. Whether they do this themselves or rely on outside help, enterprises need to act.\"", "URL": "https://www.continuitycentral.com/index.php/news/technology/4627-cloud-services-backup-survey-finds-major-gap-between-perceptions-and-cloud-realities"}, {"Title": "How hybrid cloud IT helps small businesses stay competitive", "Text": "ServerExperts 3m ago\nIs your small business struggling to keep up with large enterprises with more resources? A hybrid cloud solution can help you stretch your resources farther.\nWhether they're looking to do business with a small business or a giant enterprise, customers' expectations are the same. They don't take into account that a big company has more financial and physical resources to employ in satisfying them. Instead, they simply expect every business to deliver the same value.\nThough small businesses may lack the budgets to invest in the same in house tech solutions as enterprises, the hybrid cloud can help them meet customer needs.\nThe combination of an intelligent in house computing infrastructure and flexible cloud based solutions can help smaller companies achieve similar results, pleasing their customers just as well as their larger counterparts do. The case for the hybrid cloud\nTo understand hybrid cloud, start with that last part: cloud. Small businesses have been steadily adopting cloud solutions over the last few years as cloud computing has transitioned from being an emerging technology to being the norm. The cloud has allowed smaller businesses to access resources they would have had difficulty obtaining on their own.\nHowever, exclusively deploying IT on a public cloud or even a private cloud can lead to gradually ballooning prices and a lack of control. That's why a hybrid cloud approach involving both in house and public cloud computing is often the best strategy. Rather than an all or nothing approach, cloud computing and Hybrid IT allow you to decide how to best combine outside and in house resources to gain what you want.\nThere can be reasons to run applications inside your four walls. For example, you might have highly sensitive data that you want to retain complete control over. Or perhaps you work in a strictly regulated industry and find it difficult to locate a cloud provider that can offer a sufficient level of compliance. In such cases, an on premises deployment or a private cloud deployment would be the best choice. But these proprietary deployments can be complemented by public cloud solutions that give you more for your dollar. When to use the cloud\nA cloud service makes sense if it will save you money, increase business agility, or support a digital transformation. For instance, you may wish to rely on a cloud service when it's not cost effective to manage commonly used software internally. Take Microsoft Office as an example. To deploy Microsoft Office in house, a company would have to set up and maintain its own instance of Exchange Server. This can be demanding and require specialized expertise. By instead using Office 365, Microsoft's cloud offering, the company can have a public cloud take care of all the details, with little noticeable difference for end users.\nA cloud service can also be advantageous when software is specialized, expensive, and rarely used. A small firm might want access to a single type of technical, financial, or marketing analysis only available in a costly niche tool. Large competitors could justify the price because many employees and projects would use it, letting the business broadly amortize the cost. The small firm can't make the same fiscal argument. But a public cloud service could make it relatively inexpensive to use.\nFinally, the public cloud is useful when you want to adopt applications that require significant processing resources. Instead of constructing a large server room and spending money on additional hardware, you could run the software on a public cloud for access to the full complement of computing resources needed. Or, you could offload some of the work onto a cloud during periods of peak usage and process it in house otherwise. Preparing your infrastructure\nIn a hybrid cloud system, your cloud deployments and on premises equipment work in tandem. So, choosing a cloud also requires the right in house infrastructure. To decide exactly what you need to obtain, start by evaluating the total size of the workload that'll be running in house, including the parts that must be in communication with the cloud.\nEven if the majority of your deployment is in the cloud, the in house environment will be your foundation. It therefore must include hardware and software that offers solid security options, sufficient storage and backup, and tools to manage the entire system. The specific answer for any company depends on its particular situation, but you can use online tools to size your environment and select the hardware that provides the control, security, and simplicity you need.\nOnce you've decided what belongs on premises and what belongs in the cloud, creating the actual hybrid solution is easier than it may seem. You'll first need to install software on the server to communicate with the cloud. Then, you can set up the necessary accounts on the cloud, including storage, and add any software the cloud system may need to sync with the in house system. To conclude the process, verify that everything is working as it should. Each of these steps can be facilitated by a hardware vendor, such as Hewlett Packard Enterprise, that can furnish software tools to simplify the management tasks that keep the on premises and cloud systems working together.\nA hybrid cloud infrastructure can elevate your business to new levels of productivity and efficiency so that you can compete with the capabilities of much larger companies. To that end, carefully decide what will be run in a cloud and how to set up your in house infrastructure for hybrid IT success. Once you do, you'll be able to stretch your resources farther than ever before and compete with some of the largest organizations in your space.\nLearn more about HPE Small Business Solutions.\nDiscover affordable IT solutions for your small business\nReady to take the next step? Check out the SMB Hybrid IT for Dummies Guide. Because there are no \"dumb\" questions!\nOr are you ready to purchase? Visit the HPE Store.\nMeet Server Experts blogger Brian Mulvey, journalist. Brian has written about technology, business, and their intersection for years. He has frequently covered small businesses and enterprises, IT infrastructure, and cybersecurity, all in the context of real world commerce.\nServer Experts", "URL": "https://community.hpe.com/t5/Servers-The-Right-Compute/How-hybrid-cloud-IT-helps-small-businesses-stay-competitive/ba-p/7056464"}, {"Title": "Disjointed enterprise perceptions and cloud service provider realities", "Text": "Disjointed enterprise perceptions and cloud service provider realities 2019 14:05\nUK enterprises are placing themselves at serious risk by misunderstanding their cloud service providers' backup provisions, according to research by 4sl.\nIn the survey of 200 large UK enterprises, the majority of senior IT decision makers believe their cloud service providers retain backup data for much longer than they actually do. For instance, of the two most commonly used cloud services, 73 per cent of respondents using Microsoft Office 365 Exchange Online believe data is recoverable for longer than the standard 14 days; and 92 per cent of using Google Cloud incorrectly believe the service includes backup provision as standard.\nThis need not be an issue \u2013 enterprises who have made provisions for backup beyond their cloud providers' standard offerings will not be at risk. Yet worryingly, more than half of enterprises rely on the standard backup provision of at least one service provider. For instance, 46 per cent of organisations using Microsoft Office 365 Exchange Online and 51 per cent of those using Google Cloud Platform believe their data is recoverable for far longer than it is \u2013 exposing themselves to the risk of permanent data loss or non compliance.\nBarnaby Mote, CEO and Founder of 4sl said, \"if this blind spot in organisations' knowledge continues, the risks of data loss and non compliance will only increase. The desire to pass on responsibility for backup to service providers is understandable \u2013 backup environments are becoming extremely complex, and the peace of mind that a responsible partner is managing backup can be invaluable. However, enterprises need to understand that in the main the standard level of backup provided for infrastructure or software as a service won't meet their needs. More than likely they'll need to invest in the expertise or services to ensure their data in the cloud is protected and retained for long enough.\"\nMore than three quarters of enterprises see handing over responsibility for backup as a benefit of adopting cloud services, although only 30 per cent know their cloud service providers' backup and recovery processes in detail. However, the need for support with backups is clear \u2013 61 per cent of enterprises are struggling with extremely complex backup environments. At the same time, there is a clear compliance need to ensure backup data is kept. 80 per cent of enterprises say they have to retain backups for a specific length of time to meet regulatory obligations.\nWithout action, the issue is likely to intensify. Enterprise use of cloud services increased by 40 per cent between 2017 and 2017, while backup environments are growing by 37 per cent each year. Despite enterprises reporting they spend almost \u00a37m a year on cloud services, and \u00a33m a year on backup, they will still find fixing the issue challenging \u2013 as the growing diversity of cloud services continues to increase backup complexity. 54 per cent of enterprises say that the cloud makes backup harder, while 58 per cent say that the nature of the cloud \u2013 and the fact that it can be procured across the business \u2013 makes it more difficult to enforce backup policies. This is exacerbated by 66 per cent of enterprises saying a lack of skills has made backup more difficult.\nBarnaby added, \"it may seem difficult or complex, but enterprises must take control of backup. At the very least, they need to understand the precise capabilities they have, and what data may be at risk. Yet they also need to understand precisely how technology advances such as microservices impact backup, and how to adapt to them. Whether they do this themselves or rely on outside help, enterprises need to act.\"\nThe full 4sl report can be found at https://www.4sl.com/wp content/uploads/2019/11/research report nov 2019.pdf What equal pay looks like 50 years on Friday 15th Nov 2019 by clareb officially marked Equal Pay Day 2019 \u2013 the point in the calendar at which the average man has earned what the average woman annually. While the gender gap in the UK has been steadily closing, this year, the ON... Read More... Employers urged to prepare staff against Black Friday abuse Friday 15th Nov 2019 by clareb With retail violence and abuse incidents on the rise, retail business insurer NFU Mutual is warning employers to prepare staff for violence and abuse ahead of Black Friday sales this November and advising consumers to act with respect. The British R... Read More... Demand for flexible working solutions continue to rise Interest in co working spaces has almost doubled over the past five years, with flexible workspace now accounting for 7 per cent of total office space in the UK, according to a new report by Instant Offices. As focus shifts from a 'busine...", "URL": "http://www.oenmagazine.com/disjointed-enterprise-perceptions-and-cloud-service-provider-realities"}, {"Title": "Microsoft Ignite HPE Partner Theater sessions: More of a very good thing", "Text": "UrsRenggli 3m ago\nHPE \u2013 Microsoft solutions are so impressive and deliver such outstanding results because they deliver the best from two industry leaders. In addition, they are constantly being tested and configured to make sure everything works together optimally \u2013 an outcome that may not be available when components from different vendors are purchased separately. It's definitely a case where the total is more than the sum of its parts.\nSo what happens when you add a third partner to the equation? Over the years, we have found that the capabilities and benefits of the solution are multiplied, making them unique in their ability to address specific requirements and to help our mutual customers achieve their business goals. We invite you to judge for yourself by attending any or all of the following Theater Sessions at Microsoft Ignite that spotlight joint solutions from HPE, Microsoft, and our partners. All HPE Theater Sessions are presented in HPE Booth #2549.\nPartner = Kognitiv Spark. \"SparkSecure Remote Worker Support Through Mixed Reality\" Built for the Microsoft HoloLens, RemoteSpark from Kognitiv Spark is an industrial remote worker support tool, leveraging mixed reality, that empowers field service workers and technicians to complete complex tasks accurately and effectively by connecting them to the expert resources they need, when they need them. Learn how this solution is shaping the future of work and how to extend the support experience with IoT and AI connected to on prem servers.\nPartners = Accenture and Avenade. \"Maximizing Azure with Cloud Adjacency via Accenture Hybrid Cloud.\" \u2013 The session opens with a video overview of Accenture Hybrid Cloud Adjacency and then dives into use cases and lessons learned in running Mission Critical Applications, such as SAP and Oracle, for Customers who have Microsoft Azure as a key part of their Cloud platform strategy.\nPartner = Intel. \"Microsoft, HPE and Intel make real time business insight a reality.\" \u2013 You'll meet HPE and Intel experts and hear them break down the features and value of the powerful combination of SQL Server 19, HPE Platforms, and Intel Optane Persistent Memory, the key in giving you an edge in creating powerful insights from their data.\nPartner = Intel. \"Don't let legacy infrastructure be the barrier to digital transformation.\" Learn the benefits of accelerating your migration to the latest Microsoft Windows Server 2019 and Microsoft SQL Server 2019 on 2nd Gen Intel Xeon Scalable Processors. See how your data and applications are always optimized and agile without compromising performance, security or control.\nPartner = Intel. \"Make hybrid cloud easy with Azure Stack HCI and 2nd Generation Intel Xeon Scalable Processors.\" Join us for a discussion on Microsoft Azure Stack Hybrid Cloud solutions using Intel technology to create a best in class hybrid cloud.\nPartner = PTC. \"Industrial IoT Solutions: Best Practices from POC to Expansion.\" This interactive session highlights three joint customer scenarios, focusing on the use case and benefits that customers have experienced.\nPartners = Equinix and Vigilant.IT \u2013 \"Notes from the Edge: Lessons Learned Deploying and Operating Azure Stack.\" Hybrid Cloud comes to life through the deployment of Azure Stack @Equinix with Vigilant.IT. Get implementation insights and recommendations from experience with a fully deployed and interconnected HPE Azure Stack integrated system set up for real world customer PoCs and demos in the Equinix Solution Validation Center.\nPartner = Micro Focus \u2013 \"Micro Focus + HPE: Hybrid Cloud Management with Universal Policy.\" Get a sneak peek at the new MicroFocus policy management portfolio that enables consistent, centralized policy management across your HPE resources, regardless of where they live.\nPartner = SUSE. \"Unlock SQL Server containers value with SUSE CaaS Platform.\" HPE 3PAR integrated with SUSE CaaS platform as a persistent volume backing store helps you containerize SQL server workloads seamlessly. HPE persistence memory boosts the performance of SQL Server and choice of backend storage. Learn how to run containers in a production with SUSE CaaS platform and HPE.\nNote that we will also be featuring the following three Microsoft Theater Sessions at Booth #2549:\n\"Modernize your Applications by Modernizing your Operations with Azure Hybrid Cloud\" Learn how you can use HPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack to modernize your operations while meeting application requirements such as data sovereignty and compliance; edge and disconnected scenarios, as well as high performance analytics.\n\"Digital Transformation at the Edge \u2013 with Hybrid solutions from HPE and Microsoft.\" The synergies of HPE's Converged Edge System focus with the Edgeline product line, and Microsoft's Azure IoT Edge to cloud architecture are the best in class technology platforms to support this important hybrid cloud approach. Come hear how HPE and Microsoft are working together to build solutions with the best of breed hardware and software architecture.\n\"In Memory Database: Persistent Memory Features in SQL Server 2019.\" This session focuses on new SQL 2019 In Memory Database features designed to take advantage of the capabilities offered by the latest persistent memory (PMEM) hardware.\nWant to see more of our joint partners?\nJoin us for the two luncheons at Microsoft Ignite that focus on technologies that have proven their ability to accelerate your business. The panels for each include experts from HPE and Microsoft, as well as our joint partners. The \"Accelerate your business with #HPE at the Ignite Intelligent Edge Expert Panel Luncheon\" will be held on Tuesday, November 5 from 12:00 \u2013 1:30 p.m. On Wednesday, November 6, HPE will be serving up the \"Accelerate your business with HPE at the Microsoft Ignite Hybrid Cloud Expert Panel Luncheon.\" Also held from 12:00 p.m. \u2013 1:30 p.m.\nFor more information\nComplete information on the 60+ Theatre Session we'll be presenting at Microsoft Ignite, including dates and times of the showings is available on the Microsoft Ignite page on the HPE Alliances site. The site also provides information on all of the other HPE activities at Ignite.\nI hope you'll stop by HPE booth #2549 and see how our joint HPE \u2013 Microsoft partners multiply the power of our solutions and the results you can expect from them.", "URL": "https://community.hpe.com/t5/Alliances/Microsoft-Ignite-HPE-Partner-Theater-sessions-More-of-a-very/ba-p/7068446"}, {"Title": "Microsoft Azure- Whats In The Clouds", "Text": "Microsoft Azure: What's In The Clouds Microsoft Azure: What's In The Clouds 29 March 2019 11:53, UTC By Aleksandre B\nThe market continues to grow, companies are expanding their presence in the clouds, new technologies are organically interlinked into cloud platforms, and Microsoft Azure is one of the market leaders.\nAzure is a beautiful, and perhaps the most successful Microsoft product name. The cloud computing platform got such a bright name in 2010.\nStudy the clouds closely\nCloud service is a solution for providing clients with software and hardware computing powers. These can be servers, storages, communication channels, software environments, applications. It is possible to have all of the listed components or to customize individually.\nThere are several features of any cloud platform: resources \u2014 the supplier contains the computing infrastructure and distributes its resources to each of the consumers; connection \u2014 cloud service clients can access the platform through universal interface; independent management \u2014 the quantity and parameters of the resources of the cloud platform that each consumer needs to determine independently and receive on demand; flexibility \u2014 the provision of necessary services to the client, as well as the regulation of their characteristics occurs automatically; data on consumed resources \u2014 the cloud service provider keeps track of the resources used by the client, and provides information about them automatically in a generalized form.\nWhat is Azure Cloud\nThe Microsoft Azure platform includes more than a hundred products with the most popular ones, including the blockchain workbench: Windows and Linux virtual machines; Azure SQL Relational Database; globally distributed multi model database Azure Cosmos DB; a service for working with Azure Kubernetes cluster software containers; intelligent human interaction algorithms Cognitive Services; Windows virtual desktop; application service for mobile and web clients; PlayFab game development and management service; Serverless Architecture Computing Azure Features; service for connecting to Blockchain Workbench architecture for blockchain projects.\nOrganizations like Siemens, Adobe, Dodo Pizza, Honeywell, 3M and Toyota use the Microsoft Azure cloud platform.\nCloud competitors\nThe main rivals in the cloud computing market are AWS (Amazon's cloud platform) and Microsoft Azure. As Right Scale's research shows , Amazon's product is a leader today, but Azure is growing steadily and will soon be able to compete with AWS. However, according to Zdnet.com , in terms of annual revenue in 2018, Microsoft is still ahead of Amazon in terms of cloud services.\nThe closest competitors of the two cloud computing giants are Google, IBM, Oracle and Alibaba.\nStill, according to the mentioned study by Right Scale, most organizations are not going to put their business at risk by moving all their resources to one type of cloud service.\nCan the situation in the cloud computing market change?\nYes, it can. The developers of Microsoft Azure shouldn't rest calm while wearing the yellow jersey of the leader. AWS is a strong competitor and will not give up easily. Other large companies are developing dynamically and may soon be ready to provide services that will attract a lot of customers.\nBesides, the latest technologies and applications of cloud computing (machine learning, serverless applications, big data) require a platform that will satisfy their needs for flexibility, scalability and computing power. Without continuous improvement and intensive development, they can lose potential. Read the best crypto news analysis here! bitnewstoday.com Bitcoin, investments, regulation and other cryptocurrencies <>", "URL": "https://bitnewstoday.com/news/microsoft-azure-what-s-in-the-clouds/"}, {"Title": "Cloud Computing for Healthcare: The Essential Guide", "Text": "As members of a highly regulated industry, healthcare organizations have moved into cloud computing carefully. Nevertheless, IDC estimated that healthcare organizations would invest $13.6 billion in cloud technologies between 2018 and 2019 \u2013 a hefty increase over the prior period.\nIn the healthcare industry, there is considerable concern for the protection of personally identifiable information (PII) since healthcare records include the patient's name, address, social security number and medical history. If that information is abused or misused, a healthcare company could face private actions, class actions and regulatory fines. In a cloud computing context, machine learning or data analytics is applied to the data, though cloud computing and cloud storage tend to go together for efficiency purposes.\nOver the years, the healthcare industry has been undergoing digital transformation, as Big Data and healthcare grow increasingly intertwined. As part of the transformation, paper healthcare records are being replaced (and have largely been replaced) by electronic healthcare records, or EHRs. Sometimes those records are anonymized for research purposes, such as to determine the leading factors leading to hospital readmission.\nMany healthcare organizations take advantage of cloud computing for research purposes, whether working on gene sequencing, the molecular structure of a new drug or determining disease patterns. Using cloud resources, they are able to achieve more in shorter time frames and at lower costs than using traditional computing resources. More recently, researchers are also taking advantage of the machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities cloud computing providers offer, which is contributing to new discoveries. https://o1.qnsr.com/log/p.gif?;n=203;c=204651744;s=9478;x=7936;f=201802271700250;u=j;z=TIMESTAMP;a=20403940;e=i Examples: How Healthcare Providers Use the Cloud\nHealthcare organizations use cloud computing in myriad ways. Several Amazon Web Services customers are a good example: 3M uses cloud to provision compute resources faster, deploy software faster and analyze the total cost, quality and outcomes for patients and populations. Global pharmaceutical company Allergan runs 400 product websites and marketing applications in the cloud. Medical imagining solution provider Arterys can render multidimensional models of the heart in 10 minutes versus the industry standard of 90 minutes. Pharmaceutical company Bristol Meyers Squibb is able to run clinical trial simulations 98% faster than in its previous environment. The DC Health Benefit Exchange Authority is able to instantly deploy software that enables enrollment as a service solutions for healthcare customers. It's saving $1.8 million annually. NexGen Healthcare runs its mission critical applications in the cloud. Health information exchange and healthcare integration solution provider Orion Health used the cloud to scale its platform which is now capable of handling millions of patient records. Biotechnology company Sequence Bio uses cloud to compete genetic data and to help identify patterns across disease and genetic groups. UC Santa Cruz Genomics Institute processes 20,000 cancer samples in days instead of months, saving hundreds of thousands of dollars. Governance, risk and compliance platform provider Verge Health shortened the time to deploy Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) compliant development environments from three weeks to a few minutes. Benefits and Advantages Scalability/Flexibility. Cloud computing resources can be dynamically scaled as necessary to meet compute needs. The rise of medical and healthcare IoT devices can dramatically increase the amount of data a healthcare company handles. As the amount of data and data types grow, so does the associated complexity of what can be analyzed and the number of possible correlations. Capacity. Cloud computing capacity rivals supercomputers, albeit at a lower cost. Collaboration. Pharmaceutical companies, universities and other researchers use cloud computing to facilitate more effective and timely collaboration. AI and Machine Learning. Large cloud providers offer AI and machine learning capabilities that enable healthcare companies to learn more about patients and populations. Some types of machine learning, specifically, unsupervised learning and deep learning, are able to identify patterns that humans have not previously identified. Security and Compliance. The largest cloud providers including Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure invest more in security than any one company is capable of doing for itself. Some security is provided in basic services, though organizations in the healthcare industry tend to need additional security and HIPAA compliance to meet their needs which the major cloud providers offer. Reliability. Cloud environments are redundant so if one location fails, another can take its place. This results in minimal data loss and compute disruption (which can be a major time and cost factor when solving a very difficult, data intensive problem). Real time Data. As the healthcare industry has become more digital, its ability to process information has accelerated. Rather than tracking patient data in batch format, organizations are increasingly monitoring patients in real time so they can affect intervention faster which improves patient health outcomes and can help lower the overall cost of the patient's healthcare. Cost. Cloud computing costs are far cheaper than supercomputers. Latest Technology. Cloud computing providers invest in the latest technology to stay competitive. Companies relying on their own resources must amortize the cost of existing resources and only invest in new technology as strategically and financially prudent for their own use. Faster and More Cost Efficient Research. Cloud computing environments can analyze huge amounts of data using massively parallel compute resources. The result is faster research results at significantly lower costs. Architectural Flexibility. Healthcare organizations can add cloud computing resources to improve the ROI of workloads across their architecture. Challenges and Issues HIPAA Compliance. The major cloud providers offer healthcare cloud solutions that include HIPAA compliance. Smaller cloud providers may not do the same. GDPR Compliance. Many top cloud providers comply with the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Microsoft, for instance, provides GDPR compliance tools for Azure. Implementation. Moving compute workloads to the cloud requires knowledge of how the different in house data center and cloud environments differ and how that changes the company's cost and risk profile. Security. Although the major cloud providers provide robust security services, it is possible to misconfigure a cloud based resource in a manner that exposes sensitive data. Also, no solution, cloud or otherwise, is absolutely secure since hackers are always innovating. Outages. Cloud computing environments experience outages despite their inherent redundancy. This factor should be considered when calculating the total cost of cloud computing vs. the total cost of other options. To do that, healthcare companies need to understand the details of cloud options. Data Ownership and Handling. Getting data into a cloud is easy, getting it out isn't always so easy. In addition, HIPAA gives patients the right to know who has handled their data. These risks must be considered and cloud service provider contracts reviewed in fine detail to ensure a healthcare organization doesn't expose itself to these risks. Future of Healthcare and the Cloud\nAs cloud computing technology innovation continues to accelerate, changing healthcare practices and IT along with it. The following are a few emerging scenarios and their likely impact on healthcare IT. Machine Learning\nThe major cloud providers provide machine learning capabilities that can rapidly advance customers' capabilities. Although businesses now understand the connection between data quality and useful analytics, the same understanding is not necessarily true for data and machine learning. Bad quality data makes for bad quality machine learning training data. Bad quality training data results in erroneous machine learning. IT will also have to become more sensitive to the various types of unintended bias that can creep in, since bias can impact the rights of individuals in very personal ways. Robotics\nRobots are finding their way into hospitals and elderly care facilities. Cloud computing providers are making it easier to design and build robots, which will mean more developers working in IT departments will be able to build robots that previously would have required knowledge they didn't possess. Since a robot is an Internet of Things (IoT) device, it uses the cloud to help process information, so security and privacy need to be considered. The use of digital twins (a digital replica of an physical asset) helps increase the reliability of IoT and other devices by comparing their ideal state to their current state. However, should robots malfunction or fail, IT would be called in to help troubleshoot and resolve the issue. Nudging\nAI systems, whether software or embedded (such as in robots) are used by marketers and other parties to change the behavior of people. In a healthcare setting, the obvious use is to help patients make healthier lifestyle choices. However, the same technology can be used to affect the opposite if hacked or designed to do so. That means an AI or a robot could be programmed or reprogrammed to encourage unhealthy lifestyle choices. Similarly, if misused, they could amplify mental health issues. IT should understand the risks. Security\nMore healthcare related IoT devices and wearables are becoming part of the modern healthcare IT fabric. Therefore, chief information security officers (CISOs) will need to be able to identify vulnerabilities, assess the threat landscape and prioritize the vulnerabilities that are most likely to be exploited \u2013 including those in the cloud. Because this task continues to become more complex with more devices, software, and hardware, IT and security teams need the right tools in place to manage security risks. Data Enhancement\nHealthcare organizations, like other organizations, will increasingly want to use third party data to supplement what they already have in place to perform more advanced forms of analysis. The additional data provides additional context, such as weather patterns that result in disease outbreaks, locations in which disease outbreaks are more likely to happen, etc. Given HIPAA, GDPR, and other regulations, it's important that data related innovation doesn't expose a healthcare organization to unnecessary risks. Voice Interfaces\nMore types of devices and medical equipment will become voice controlled and they will use the cloud for backend processing. However, voice technology is still improving \u2013 it's far from perfect. IT needs to understand how voice interfaces perform and what their limitations are, so they can troubleshoot and help provides solutions. In some cases this may require defaulting to a given language, based on the needs of a multilingual audience. Telemedicine\nAlready cloud based telemedicine is being provided to individuals living in the remote areas of developing countries, so those communities can have some type of access to healthcare. For example, a community representative can take a picture using a tablet, which is analyzed and diagnosed using an AI instance or a human healthcare provider. In developed countries, telemedicine enables an extension of services, such as psychiatric care to a patient who is unable to travel. Regardless of how telemedicine platforms and apps are designed, their back ends tend to process information using extensive cloud computing resources. Telemedicine, like video conferencing, can be disrupted by network noise or bandwidth issues. Since the failure is technology related, IT is the go to source for troubleshooting and resolution.", "URL": "https://www.datamation.com/cloud-computing/cloud-computing-for-healthcare.html"}, {"Title": "Edge Computing Market to Grow Ten-fold by 2024", "Text": "Edge Computing Market to Grow Ten fold by 2024 [July 30, 2019] Edge Computing Market to Grow Ten fold by 2024\nCAMPBELL, Calif. , July 30, 2019 /PRNewswire/ Cloud Computing and Mobile Connectivity are both converging on enterprise applications, and many participants in the market are confused about how these two big ecosystems will come together. Mobile Experts has just released a new report that examines five different business models for Edge Computing for enterprise applications, and makes predictions for the likely outcome.\nAccording to Mobile Experts, Edge Computing infrastructure investments are driven from two vectors: Operators will be able to offer low latency services to enterprises in industrial automation, as well as key consumer applications such as gaming and AR/VR. Cloud service players will be able to support more of the enterprise IT workload if they can move their computing infrastructure closer to the enterprise, either through the public network or with on premises networks.\n\"Cloud computing has taken a 'bite' out of traditional enterprise networking,\" commented Principal Analyst Kyung Mun. \"Now, we see an opportunity for Cloud computing to take another bite, by allowing enterprises to automate more of their processes through better networking. To accomplish this, AWS, Microsoft Azure, and Google will need to move closer to the user for lower latency, and will need to work with network providers like the Telcos.\"\nThe report explores in depth the new use cases such as private LTE/5G, cloud gaming, and others that drive investment toward Near Edge 'micro' data centers, as well as Far Edge and On Prem facilities.\nOverall, the edge computing server shipments will grow at over 50% CAGR from about 6,000 in 2018 to over 74,000 in 2024, representing over 3M CPU and GPU cores in 2024. Hardware equipment, software, and services will grow from about $240 million in 2018 to just under $2 billion in 2024. According to the report, the edge computing trend expands from centralized hyperscale data centers to distributed edge cloud nodes, the CAPEX spend on Near Edge data centers will represent the largest segment.\n\"Edge computing represents a convergence point for Telco and cloud service providers to enable new enterprise applications with faster and more responsive (5G) network capabilities along with more distributed cloud computing environments. Evolving market and technology dynamics will create explosive growth in the near term,\" remarked Principal Analyst Kyung Mun.\nSubscribers to Mobile Experts research will receive: Full access to the 70 page Edge Computing for Enterprises 2019 report; 38detailed charts and figures; The detailed Excel file with forecast data through 2024; Quarterly market share, shipment, adoption updates; Quarterly Expert INSIGHT strategic reports; Access to the analysts behind the reports. For more about this report, click here.\nMobile Experts provides insightful market analysis for the mobile infrastructure and mobile handset markets. Our analysts are true Experts, who remain focused on topics where each analyst has 20 years of experience or more. Research topics center on technology introduction for radio frequency (RF) and communications innovation. Recent publications focus on Edge Computing for Enterprises, RF Front Ends, Small Cells, Edge Computing, 5G mm wave, 5G Business Case, Private LTE, Macro Base Stations, ORAN, URLLC, CBRS, DAS, Big Picture IoT, RRH Semiconductors, LPWA, Cellular IoT, Fixed Wireless, CRAN/VRAN, and more.\nContact:", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/07/30/8994258.htm"}, {"Title": "Synergi appoints senior consultant in growth push", "Text": "Synergi appoints senior consultant in growth push August 8, 2019 0 Kashish Kumar, senior consultant at cloud and digital transformation specialist Synergi\nD igital transformation and cloud specialist Synergi has appointed a new senior consultant to its 25 strong team, as it looks to push turnover through the \u00a33m barrier.\nKashish Kumar brings with him 12 years' experience in a series of technical and consultancy roles, and is a senior certified Microsoft Professional.\nHis new role as senior Office 365 automation and collaboration consultant will see him involved in pre and post sales, working alongside design, development and support colleagues to implement solutions that will help clients streamline operations and improve efficiency and productivity.\nGateshead based Synergi is an award winning Microsoft Partner with a UK wide client base, and specialises in advanced cloud solutions using technologies such as Office 365, SharePoint, Nintex, Azure, Valo, and Dynamics 365 Business Central.\nKashish said: \"Synergi's national client list and the opportunity to work with organisations such as the AA, Lloyds of London, Northumbrian Water and Port of Tyne were partly what attracted me to the role, as well as being able to work alongside Synergi's Chief Technology Officer Justin again.\n\"Being part of a company with a strong reputation for technical expertise and close partnerships with big names in the technical world is a great opportunity to further my career. I'm looking forward to working alongside a high calibre team creating cloud based solutions that improve systems and processes, boost workflow and productivity, and have a real impact on our clients' success.\"\nCommenting on the appointment, Synergi's managing director Peter Joynson said: \"Kashish has a strong combination of technical and customer facing skills, making him an ideal addition to the team.\n\"This is the latest in a series of appointments aimed at keeping pace with a growing customer base. Cloud based technologies have done away with the need to invest capital in hardware and software, and organisations of all sizes are rapidly realising how integrated process automation and collaborative working results in the real time business intelligence on which to base strategic growth decisions.\n\"Our reputation is built on insightful and long term solutions delivered by an expert team, and Kashish is a welcome addition.\n\"Now in our sixth year of steady growth, we expect to push through the \u00a33m barrier by the end of this year, and we look forward to Kashish playing an essential part in achieving our expansion plans.\"", "URL": "https://www.businessupnorth.co.uk/synergi-appoints-senior-consultant-in-growth-push/"}, {"Title": "Understanding new and improved features in Windows Server 2019", "Text": "Willa 3m ago\nWith Windows Server 2016 End of Life , I wanted to take a minute to look at some of the key new and improved features included in Windows Server 2019. \"Whats new with Windows Server 2019?\" is a question we've heard a lot since this operating system launched. Customers have been wondering what technological advancements it includes over previous generations of Windows Server.\nWith the latest hardware, such as HPE ProLiant Gen10 Servers , Windows Server 2019 can help businesses prepare for the future, build sales, optimize operations, and stay protected with advanced security capabilities. This cloud ready operating system provides businesses with the flexibility to connect on premises hardware with Microsoft Azure and begin moving to the cloud with it best fits the business' needs. It also gives the flexibility to move applications and data back from the cloud if that need should arise. Windows Server 2019 Advanced Security Capabilities\nOrganizations can elevate their security posture by protecting the data center starting with the operating system. Windows Server 2019 does not disappoint when it comes to security features for both on and off premises data. Building onto a solid security foundation in Windows Server 2016, new and improved technologies in Windows Server 2019 help organizations manage privileged identities, secure the operating system, and secure virtualization fabric.\nNew/improved Windows Server 2019 security features include:\nEnhanced Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection (ATP )\nWindows Defender ATP Exploit Guard is a new set of host intrusion prevention capabilities such as preventative protection, attack detection, and zero day exploits.\nShielded VMs for Linux\nWindows Server 2019 supports Shielded VMs for Linux to protect Linux VMs from attacks and compromised administrators in the underlying fabric and extensive threat resistance components.\nHGS offline mode for shielded VM\nOffline mode allows shielded VMs to turn on when HGS cannot be reached, as long as the security configuration of your Hyper V host has not changed.\nVMConnect for shielded VMs\nEnhances the interactive session experience by providing a functionality similar to a remote desktop connection while interacting with a shielded VM for Windows and Linux machines.\nCluster hardening\nNew clusters running Windows Server 2019 will not require NTLM, which completely removes the requirement of Active Directory for clusters in Windows Server.\nSDN encrypted subnet\nVirtual network encryption provides the ability for the virtual network traffic to be encrypted between VMs that communicate with each other within subnets.\nWindows Server 2019 Unique Hybrid Platform\nWith Windows Server 2019, organizations can extend on premises to the cloud and add hybrid management capabilities to maximize investments and gain new ones. Extending Active Directory, synchronizing file servers, and backup in the cloud are just a few examples of what customers are already doing today to extend their data centers to the public cloud. Utilizing a hybrid approach allows for apps running on premises to take advantage of innovation in the cloud such as Artificial Intelligence and IoT. Hybrid Cloud infrastructure enables a future proof, long term approach which will pal a central role in cloud strategies for the foreseeable future.\nNew/improved Windows Server 2019 Hybrid Platform features include:\nStorage migration service\nHelps to inventory and migrate data, security, and configurations from old legacy systems to Windows Server 2019 and/or Azure.\nSystem insights\nBrings local predictive analytics capabilities native to Windows Server. These predictive capabilities, each backed by a machine learning model, locally analyze Windows Server system data to provide high accuracy predictions that help reduce the operational expenses associated with reactively managing Windows Server instances.\nAzure network adaptor\nEasily connects to Azure virtual networks. Windows Admin Center performs the heavy lifting of configuring the VPN to a new network adapter that will connect Windows Server 2019 to a point to site Azure virtual network VPN.\nEnhanced AD authentication\nWindows Server 2019 will be able to join Active Directory, enabling new scenarios in which the computer account can be used for authentication.\nWindows Server 2019 Hyper Converged Infrastructure (HCI)\nOrganizations of all sizes are embracing HCI for improved cost and performance benefits. Businesses are understanding the value of using servers, like HPE ProLiant Gen10 Servers, with high performance local disks to run their compute and storage needs at the same time while also being able to easily scale deployments. HPE and Microsoft are working together to help organizations take advantage of HCI. As a Windows Server Software Defined, WSSD, and Azure Stack HCI partner , HPE offers a choice of ready to go solution configurations based on HPE ProLiant servers and components which are tested, optimized, and validated with Windows Server 2019 Datacenter's Storage Spaces Direct to deliver solid performance, high availability, and improved reliability for HCI.\nNew/Improved Windows Server 2019 Unprecedented Hyper Converged Infrastructure (HCI) features\nUnified management\nWindows Admin Center is an elegant browser based HCI remote management interface that includes software defined network configuration and monitoring.\nStorage class memory\nSupport for new generation of server hardware including storage class memory, which drastically improves performance for server applications.\nSupports USB thumb drive (as cluster witness) for nested resiliency\nSupport for USB thumb drive as cluster witness allowing true 2 node HCI deployments, with no additional dependencies.\nCluster wide monitoring\nMonitors memory and CPU usage, storage capacity, IOPS, throughput, and latency in real time with clear alerts when something's not right.\nCluster sets\nAllows you to create clusters of greater flexibility without sacrificing resiliency.\nKernel soft reboot\nProvides WSSD validated hardware faster reboot time, reducing application downtime.\nPersistent memory support\nPersistent memory (PM) technology provides byte level access to non volatile media while also reducing the latency of storing or retrieving data significantly.\nVirtual network peering\nProvides high speed connectivity between two virtual networks. Traffic between the virtual networks goes through the underlying fabric network with no gateway. Both virtual networks must be part of the same datacenter stamp.\nDistributed firewall and micro segmentation\nDynamically segments networks based on evolving security or application needs using a stateful firewall and network security groups.\nIP address management (IPAM) and DNS\nIPAM now supports comprehensive DNS and DHCP management with role based access control across multiple AD forests. DNS provides for traffic management, load balancing, split brain deployments, and prevention of DNS amplification attacks.\nMultiPoint services role\nEnables low cost per seat by allowing multiple users to run their own sessions while connected to one machine.\nEnhanced storage spaces direct*\nBuild software defined storage using industry standard servers with local storage that can scale up to 1PB per storage pool in Windows Server 2016 and 4PB per storage pool and 64TB per volume in Windows Server 2019.\nMirror accelerated parity*\nLets you create volumes that are part mirror and part parity for 2x better performance on storage spaces direct deployments. Writes land first in the mirrored portion and are gradually moved into the parity portion.\nAzure Witness for cluster*\nEnables Azure blob storage as a witness in a quorum for a stretched cluster. Additionally, in Windows Server 2019 you can now create a file share witness that does not utilize the Cluster Name Object (CNO), but simply uses a local user account on the server the FSW is connected to.\nImproved SDN gateway*\nImprovements up to 3x for GRE tunnels and IPSec site to site VPN.\nConverged RDMA*\nConverge RDMA storage traffic and tenant Ethernet traffic on the same underlying NIC team for significant cost savings, while also getting the desired throughput and quality of service.\n*Updated from Windows Server 2016", "URL": "https://community.hpe.com/t5/Alliances/Understanding-new-and-improved-features-in-Windows-Server-2019/ba-p/7067660"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "Oracle Corporation", "intensity": 262.0, "score": 34864, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "Microsoft Ignite HPE Partner Theater sessions: More of a very good thing", "Text": "UrsRenggli 3m ago\nHPE \u2013 Microsoft solutions are so impressive and deliver such outstanding results because they deliver the best from two industry leaders. In addition, they are constantly being tested and configured to make sure everything works together optimally \u2013 an outcome that may not be available when components from different vendors are purchased separately. It's definitely a case where the total is more than the sum of its parts.\nSo what happens when you add a third partner to the equation? Over the years, we have found that the capabilities and benefits of the solution are multiplied, making them unique in their ability to address specific requirements and to help our mutual customers achieve their business goals. We invite you to judge for yourself by attending any or all of the following Theater Sessions at Microsoft Ignite that spotlight joint solutions from HPE, Microsoft, and our partners. All HPE Theater Sessions are presented in HPE Booth #2549.\nPartner = Kognitiv Spark. \"SparkSecure Remote Worker Support Through Mixed Reality\" Built for the Microsoft HoloLens, RemoteSpark from Kognitiv Spark is an industrial remote worker support tool, leveraging mixed reality, that empowers field service workers and technicians to complete complex tasks accurately and effectively by connecting them to the expert resources they need, when they need them. Learn how this solution is shaping the future of work and how to extend the support experience with IoT and AI connected to on prem servers.\nPartners = Accenture and Avenade. \"Maximizing Azure with Cloud Adjacency via Accenture Hybrid Cloud.\" \u2013 The session opens with a video overview of Accenture Hybrid Cloud Adjacency and then dives into use cases and lessons learned in running Mission Critical Applications, such as SAP and Oracle, for Customers who have Microsoft Azure as a key part of their Cloud platform strategy.\nPartner = Intel. \"Microsoft, HPE and Intel make real time business insight a reality.\" \u2013 You'll meet HPE and Intel experts and hear them break down the features and value of the powerful combination of SQL Server 19, HPE Platforms, and Intel Optane Persistent Memory, the key in giving you an edge in creating powerful insights from their data.\nPartner = Intel. \"Don't let legacy infrastructure be the barrier to digital transformation.\" Learn the benefits of accelerating your migration to the latest Microsoft Windows Server 2019 and Microsoft SQL Server 2019 on 2nd Gen Intel Xeon Scalable Processors. See how your data and applications are always optimized and agile without compromising performance, security or control.\nPartner = Intel. \"Make hybrid cloud easy with Azure Stack HCI and 2nd Generation Intel Xeon Scalable Processors.\" Join us for a discussion on Microsoft Azure Stack Hybrid Cloud solutions using Intel technology to create a best in class hybrid cloud.\nPartner = PTC. \"Industrial IoT Solutions: Best Practices from POC to Expansion.\" This interactive session highlights three joint customer scenarios, focusing on the use case and benefits that customers have experienced.\nPartners = Equinix and Vigilant.IT \u2013 \"Notes from the Edge: Lessons Learned Deploying and Operating Azure Stack.\" Hybrid Cloud comes to life through the deployment of Azure Stack @Equinix with Vigilant.IT. Get implementation insights and recommendations from experience with a fully deployed and interconnected HPE Azure Stack integrated system set up for real world customer PoCs and demos in the Equinix Solution Validation Center.\nPartner = Micro Focus \u2013 \"Micro Focus + HPE: Hybrid Cloud Management with Universal Policy.\" Get a sneak peek at the new MicroFocus policy management portfolio that enables consistent, centralized policy management across your HPE resources, regardless of where they live.\nPartner = SUSE. \"Unlock SQL Server containers value with SUSE CaaS Platform.\" HPE 3PAR integrated with SUSE CaaS platform as a persistent volume backing store helps you containerize SQL server workloads seamlessly. HPE persistence memory boosts the performance of SQL Server and choice of backend storage. Learn how to run containers in a production with SUSE CaaS platform and HPE.\nNote that we will also be featuring the following three Microsoft Theater Sessions at Booth #2549:\n\"Modernize your Applications by Modernizing your Operations with Azure Hybrid Cloud\" Learn how you can use HPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack to modernize your operations while meeting application requirements such as data sovereignty and compliance; edge and disconnected scenarios, as well as high performance analytics.\n\"Digital Transformation at the Edge \u2013 with Hybrid solutions from HPE and Microsoft.\" The synergies of HPE's Converged Edge System focus with the Edgeline product line, and Microsoft's Azure IoT Edge to cloud architecture are the best in class technology platforms to support this important hybrid cloud approach. Come hear how HPE and Microsoft are working together to build solutions with the best of breed hardware and software architecture.\n\"In Memory Database: Persistent Memory Features in SQL Server 2019.\" This session focuses on new SQL 2019 In Memory Database features designed to take advantage of the capabilities offered by the latest persistent memory (PMEM) hardware.\nWant to see more of our joint partners?\nJoin us for the two luncheons at Microsoft Ignite that focus on technologies that have proven their ability to accelerate your business. The panels for each include experts from HPE and Microsoft, as well as our joint partners. The \"Accelerate your business with #HPE at the Ignite Intelligent Edge Expert Panel Luncheon\" will be held on Tuesday, November 5 from 12:00 \u2013 1:30 p.m. On Wednesday, November 6, HPE will be serving up the \"Accelerate your business with HPE at the Microsoft Ignite Hybrid Cloud Expert Panel Luncheon.\" Also held from 12:00 p.m. \u2013 1:30 p.m.\nFor more information\nComplete information on the 60+ Theatre Session we'll be presenting at Microsoft Ignite, including dates and times of the showings is available on the Microsoft Ignite page on the HPE Alliances site. The site also provides information on all of the other HPE activities at Ignite.\nI hope you'll stop by HPE booth #2549 and see how our joint HPE \u2013 Microsoft partners multiply the power of our solutions and the results you can expect from them.", "URL": "https://community.hpe.com/t5/Alliances/Microsoft-Ignite-HPE-Partner-Theater-sessions-More-of-a-very/ba-p/7068446"}, {"Title": "Microsoft Azure- Whats In The Clouds", "Text": "Microsoft Azure: What's In The Clouds Microsoft Azure: What's In The Clouds 29 March 2019 11:53, UTC By Aleksandre B\nThe market continues to grow, companies are expanding their presence in the clouds, new technologies are organically interlinked into cloud platforms, and Microsoft Azure is one of the market leaders.\nAzure is a beautiful, and perhaps the most successful Microsoft product name. The cloud computing platform got such a bright name in 2010.\nStudy the clouds closely\nCloud service is a solution for providing clients with software and hardware computing powers. These can be servers, storages, communication channels, software environments, applications. It is possible to have all of the listed components or to customize individually.\nThere are several features of any cloud platform: resources \u2014 the supplier contains the computing infrastructure and distributes its resources to each of the consumers; connection \u2014 cloud service clients can access the platform through universal interface; independent management \u2014 the quantity and parameters of the resources of the cloud platform that each consumer needs to determine independently and receive on demand; flexibility \u2014 the provision of necessary services to the client, as well as the regulation of their characteristics occurs automatically; data on consumed resources \u2014 the cloud service provider keeps track of the resources used by the client, and provides information about them automatically in a generalized form.\nWhat is Azure Cloud\nThe Microsoft Azure platform includes more than a hundred products with the most popular ones, including the blockchain workbench: Windows and Linux virtual machines; Azure SQL Relational Database; globally distributed multi model database Azure Cosmos DB; a service for working with Azure Kubernetes cluster software containers; intelligent human interaction algorithms Cognitive Services; Windows virtual desktop; application service for mobile and web clients; PlayFab game development and management service; Serverless Architecture Computing Azure Features; service for connecting to Blockchain Workbench architecture for blockchain projects.\nOrganizations like Siemens, Adobe, Dodo Pizza, Honeywell, 3M and Toyota use the Microsoft Azure cloud platform.\nCloud competitors\nThe main rivals in the cloud computing market are AWS (Amazon's cloud platform) and Microsoft Azure. As Right Scale's research shows , Amazon's product is a leader today, but Azure is growing steadily and will soon be able to compete with AWS. However, according to Zdnet.com , in terms of annual revenue in 2018, Microsoft is still ahead of Amazon in terms of cloud services.\nThe closest competitors of the two cloud computing giants are Google, IBM, Oracle and Alibaba.\nStill, according to the mentioned study by Right Scale, most organizations are not going to put their business at risk by moving all their resources to one type of cloud service.\nCan the situation in the cloud computing market change?\nYes, it can. The developers of Microsoft Azure shouldn't rest calm while wearing the yellow jersey of the leader. AWS is a strong competitor and will not give up easily. Other large companies are developing dynamically and may soon be ready to provide services that will attract a lot of customers.\nBesides, the latest technologies and applications of cloud computing (machine learning, serverless applications, big data) require a platform that will satisfy their needs for flexibility, scalability and computing power. Without continuous improvement and intensive development, they can lose potential. Read the best crypto news analysis here! bitnewstoday.com Bitcoin, investments, regulation and other cryptocurrencies <>", "URL": "https://bitnewstoday.com/news/microsoft-azure-what-s-in-the-clouds/"}, {"Title": "DivvyCloud Enhances Industry-Leading Cloud Security With Expanded IAM Capabilities, Compliance Scorecard, and Threat Protection; Achieves 230 Percent YoY Revenue Growth", "Text": "DivvyCloud Enhances Industry Leading Cloud Security With Expanded IAM Capabilities, Compliance Scorecard, and Threat Protection; Achieves 230 Percent YoY Revenue Growth [June 24, 2019] DivvyCloud Enhances Industry Leading Cloud Security With Expanded IAM Capabilities, Compliance Scorecard, and Threat Protection; Achieves 230 Percent YoY Revenue Growth\nDivvyCloud , the leading independent provider of security and compliance automation for cloud and container environments, today announced new capabilities and technological advancements to its solution, as well as significant company growth achieved over the last 18 months. Fueled by a recent $19 million funding round and additions to the company's leadership team, DivvyCloud has achieved 230 percent year over year (YoY) revenue growth and 100 percent growth in its customer base.\n\"As companies continue to implement multi cloud strategies, they need a platform that allows them to fully embrace self service access without losing control,\" said Brian Johnson, CEO and co founder of DivvyCloud. \"Our solution uses automated remediation to minimize risks associated with misconfigurations, policy violations, threats, and Identity and Access Management (IAM) challenges, and gives enterprises a unified security posture for their multi cloud and container environments, ensuring continuous security and compliance. Our new product capabilities make this process even easier. In a market sector with enormous demand, DivvyCloud is driving innovation, solving customer pain points, and enabling customers to balance their need for innovation at speed with security.\"\nProduct Innovations\nDivvyCloud's growth in terms of revenue and customer base can be attributed to its focus on innovation and dedication to customer success. DivvyCloud has made the following enhancements to its product offering to further allow customers to strengthen and simplify security and compliance management: IAM Protection. DivvyCloud helps organizations govern IAM and adopt a unified zero trust security model across their cloud and container environments. In these environments, everything has an identity: users, applications, services, and systems. This provides enormous flexibility, but also creates the opportunity for substantial risk as every service is potentially reachable by every other one, regardless of location, but only if an implicit trust is defined. DivvyCloud's expanded capabilities help companies address this perimeter fluidity and the substantial challenges created by security professionals having to govern cloud environments at scale. With DivvyCloud, companies can protect the identity perimeter at scale through automated monitoring and remediation around access management, role management, identity authentication, and compliance auditing. Risk Assessment and Auditing. DivvyCloud helps security, governance, risk, and compliance professionals quickly assess risk and make informed decisions about how to manage and remediate risk. In order to build trust, organizations must be able to prove to executives, auditors, and stakeholders that their cloud environments are well governed. The DivvyCloud Compliance Scorecard delivers a visual representation of risk aligned with regulatory or industry standards, or customers' own corporate standards, through an interactive heat map. This heat map provides a unified view across all cloud environments and can be filtered by facets like cloud environment, account, business unit,application, risk profile, compliance standard, etc. The Compliance Scorecard assists teams of all types, including auditors, operations, security, and compliance, in identifying areas where risk exists, as well as providing guidance for acting appropriately to remediate this risk. It provides a way to prove to executives and auditors, through data, the current and historical state of security and compliance. Additionally, the Compliance Scorecard can be used to deliver actionable and understandable data to business units and teams to demonstrate where security posture improvement is necessary and how their security posture is trending. Threat Protection. DivvyCloud delivers a unified approach to monitoring and responding to threatsto cloud accounts and workloads across multiple clouds, and makes it easy to implement automation that reduces remediation and recovery time. To deliver threat protection, DivvyCloud leverages cloud service provider (CSP) services (e.g. Amazon GuardDuty) for best in class intelligent threat detection that continuously monitors for malicious activity and unauthorized behavior. For example, GuardDuty analyzes tens of billions of events across multiple AWS data sources, such as AWS CloudTrail, Amazon VPC Flow Logs, and DNS logs and helps detect activity such as crypto currency mining, credential compromise behavior, communication with known command and control servers, or API calls from known malicious IPs. When a threat is identified, DivvyCloud can perform automated remediation actions including reconfiguring cloud services, making changes to cloud infrastructure, driving human centered workflows with integration into systems like ServiceNow ( News Alert ) and Jira, and orchestrating workflow actions in other security and management systems. Company Growth\nSince its founding in 2013, DivvyCloud has experienced immense growth, which has accelerated in recent months. Specific metrics include: Two hundred percent YoY revenue growth in the past 18 months One hundred percent increase in customer base over the past 18 months, including several new marquee customers such as Twilio ( News Alert ), 3M, Autodesk, Pizza Hut, CoStar, and Kroger Only one enterprise customer has been lost in the five year history of the company while annual recurring revenue (ARR) growth from existing customers has been upwards of 30 percent proof of the immense growing value that DivvyCloud provides to its customers\nStrengthened Leadership Team\nDivvyCloud has doubled its staff in the past year, including significantly growing its engineering team to continually drive product innovation. Additionally, strategic additions to the company's leadership team include: Scott Totman, vice president of engineering. Totman leads the innovation, development, and delivery of DivvyCloud's software. Prior to joining DivvyCloud, Totman was the vice president for Capital One's ( News Alert ) Digital Products Engineering organization, which builds every digital touchpoint for Capital One customers through web and mobile platforms. Prior to Capital One, Totman worked at AOL ( News Alert ) running AIM and ICQ, the world's largest messaging platforms at the time. Rick Juneja, vice president of customer success. Juneja is focused on driving adoption of DivvyCloud's software by demonstrating value and enhancing relationships within the company's broad customer base. Juneja's experience as the senior vice president of customer success, professional services and support at OPower (acquired by Oracle ( News Alert )) will prove invaluable. During his tenure at OPower, Juneja was a key player in the company's growth from $27 million to $150 million in ARR.\nAccolades Winner in the cloud security category in the 2019 Cybersecurity Excellence Awards Recognized as the editor's choice vendor of the cloud security category in Cyber Defense Magazine's InfoSec Awards 2019 Winner of the private and public cloud compliance category in the 2019 Fortress Cyber Security Awards\nTo learn more about DivvyCloud's automated cloud security and compliance solution, visit Booth 731 at AWS re:Inforce 2019 from June 25 26 in the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center.\nAbout DivvyCloud\nDivvyCloud protects cloud and container environments from misconfigurations, policy violations, threats, and IAM challenges. With automated, real time remediation, DivvyCloud customers achieve continuous security and compliance, and can fully realize the benefits of cloud and container technology. Freedom is good. Chaos is bad. To learn more: www.divvycloud.com. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190624005005/en/", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/06/24/8977286.htm"}, {"Title": "DivvyCloud enhances its solution and announces company growth", "Text": "DivvyCloud , the leading independent provider of security and compliance automation for cloud and container environments, announced new capabilities and technological advancements to its solution, as well as significant company growth achieved over the last 18 months.\nFueled by a recent $19 million funding round and additions to the company's leadership team, DivvyCloud has achieved 230 percent year over year (YoY) revenue growth and 100 percent growth in its customer base.\n\"As companies continue to implement multi cloud strategies, they need a platform that allows them to fully embrace self service access without losing control,\" said Brian Johnson, CEO and co founder of DivvyCloud.\n\"Our solution uses automated remediation to minimize risks associated with misconfigurations, policy violations, threats, and Identity and Access Management (IAM) challenges, and gives enterprises a unified security posture for their multi cloud and container environments, ensuring continuous security and compliance.\n\"Our new product capabilities make this process even easier. In a market sector with enormous demand, DivvyCloud is driving innovation, solving customer pain points, and enabling customers to balance their need for innovation at speed with security.\" Product innovations\nDivvyCloud's growth in terms of revenue and customer base can be attributed to its focus on innovation and dedication to customer success. DivvyCloud has made the following enhancements to its product offering to further allow customers to strengthen and simplify security and compliance management:\nIAM protection. DivvyCloud helps organizations govern IAM and adopt a unified zero trust security model across their cloud and container environments. In these environments, everything has an identity: users, applications, services, and systems.\nThis provides enormous flexibility, but also creates the opportunity for substantial risk as every service is potentially reachable by every other one, regardless of location, but only if an implicit trust is defined.\nDivvyCloud's expanded capabilities help companies address this perimeter fluidity and the substantial challenges created by security professionals having to govern cloud environments at scale.\nWith DivvyCloud, companies can protect the identity perimeter at scale through automated monitoring and remediation around access management, role management, identity authentication, and compliance auditing.\nRisk assessment and auditing. DivvyCloud helps security, governance, risk, and compliance professionals quickly assess risk and make informed decisions about how to manage and remediate risk. In order to build trust, organizations must be able to prove to executives, auditors, and stakeholders that their cloud environments are well governed.\nThe DivvyCloud Compliance Scorecard delivers a visual representation of risk aligned with regulatory or industry standards, or customers' own corporate standards, through an interactive heat map.\nThis heat map provides a unified view across all cloud environments and can be filtered by facets like cloud environment, account, business unit, application, risk profile, compliance standard, etc.\nThe Compliance Scorecard assists teams of all types, including auditors, operations, security, and compliance, in identifying areas where risk exists, as well as providing guidance for acting appropriately to remediate this risk.\nIt provides a way to prove to executives and auditors, through data, the current and historical state of security and compliance. Additionally, the Compliance Scorecard can be used to deliver actionable and understandable data to business units and teams to demonstrate where security posture improvement is necessary and how their security posture is trending.\nThreat protection. DivvyCloud delivers a unified approach to monitoring and responding to threats to cloud accounts and workloads across multiple clouds, and makes it easy to implement automation that reduces remediation and recovery time.\nTo deliver threat protection, DivvyCloud leverages cloud service provider (CSP) services (e.g. Amazon GuardDuty) for best in class intelligent threat detection that continuously monitors for malicious activity and unauthorized behavior.\nFor example, GuardDuty analyzes tens of billions of events across multiple AWS data sources, such as AWS CloudTrail, Amazon VPC Flow Logs, and DNS logs and helps detect activity such as crypto currency mining, credential compromise behavior, communication with known command and control servers, or API calls from known malicious IPs.\nWhen a threat is identified, DivvyCloud can perform automated remediation actions including reconfiguring cloud services, making changes to cloud infrastructure, driving human centered workflows with integration into systems like ServiceNow and Jira, and orchestrating workflow actions in other security and management systems. Company growth\nSince its founding in 2013, DivvyCloud has experienced immense growth, which has accelerated in recent months. Specific metrics include: Two hundred percent YoY revenue growth in the past 18 months One hundred percent increase in customer base over the past 18 months, including several new marquee customers such as Twilio, 3M, Autodesk, Pizza Hut, CoStar, and Kroger Only one enterprise customer has been lost in the five year history of the company while annual recurring revenue (ARR) growth from existing customers has been upwards of 30 percent\u2013proof of the immense growing value that DivvyCloud provides to its customers Strengthened leadership team\nDivvyCloud has doubled its staff in the past year, including significantly growing its engineering team to continually drive product innovation. Additionally, strategic additions to the company's leadership team include: Scott Totman, vice president of engineering. Totman leads the innovation, development, and delivery of DivvyCloud's software. Prior to joining DivvyCloud, Totman was the vice president for Capital One's Digital Products Engineering organization, which builds every digital touchpoint for Capital One customers through web and mobile platforms. Prior to Capital One, Totman worked at AOL running AIM and ICQ, the world's largest messaging platforms at the time. Rick Juneja, vice president of customer success. Juneja is focused on driving adoption of DivvyCloud's software by demonstrating value and enhancing relationships within the company's broad customer base. Juneja's experience as the senior vice president of customer success, professional services and support at OPower (acquired by Oracle) will prove invaluable. During his tenure at OPower, Juneja was a key player in the company's growth from $27 million to $150 million in ARR. Accolades\nDivvyCloud's innovation in cloud security continues to receive recognition with wins in well known industry awards, including: Winner in the cloud security category in the 2019 Cybersecurity Excellence Awards Recognized as the editor's choice vendor of the cloud security category in Cyber Defense Magazine's InfoSec Awards 2019 Winner of the private and public cloud compliance category in the 2019 Fortress Cyber Security Awards More about", "URL": "https://www.helpnetsecurity.com/2019/06/25/divvycloud-new-capabilities-and-technological-advancements/"}, {"Title": "Oracle to lure boffins with cloud credits, see if enterprise-grade tech can speed up research", "Text": "Oracle's battle to keep from being left behind by cloudy competitors AWS and Google has taken an academic twist \u2013 it has stuck its name to a project assessing how cloud computing can be used for research.\nThe Exploring Clouds for Acceleration of Science ( E CAS ), launched at the end of 2018, is funded with $3m by the US National Science Foundation and coordinated by the nonprofit computer networking consortium Internet2.\nThe aim is to see whether, and what, benefits there are for academia in an increased use of large scale cloud computing, and whether commercial clouds are a viable option for research computing and computational science in a range of disciplines.\n\"Cloud computing has revolutionized enterprise computing over the past decade and it has the potential to provide similar impact for campus based scientific workloads,\" Internet2 said in an overview of the work.\nInitially, Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services signed up to the project, with Internet2's FAQ saying that they had \"agreed to commit significant resources to support the project\".\nAlthough it didn't give any specifics, the Internet2 had said that up to two more cloud providers \"may be welcome to join the project if they can match the commitments of Google and AWS within the first 30 days of the project\".\nAmong these are \"minimum project coordination, project support and cloud credit requirements\", and, according to Internet2 , in the first phase of the project each project is to be offered cloud support of up to $100,000 from one vendor. This is at least partially in the form of cloud credits.\nAnd it seems Oracle has put its money where AWS and GCP's mouths are \u2013 no doubt wanting to make sure it is in the mix with the big hitting cloudy vendors for a chance to get its claws into academia \u2013 since it has this week announced its own participation in the scheme.\n\"Oracle is committed to ensuring that campus challenges are met, and the research and education communities are provided with the best technology to be successful,\" Jenny Tsai Smith, vice president for curriculum development at Oracle, said in a canned statement.\nThe company's press release also included a statement from Internet2 \u2013 of which Oracle is also an industry member \u2013 that indicated another possible reason Big Red was interested in joining the research project.\n\"[The E CAS project] also aims at identifying gaps between cloud provider capabilities and the potential for what they could provide to enhance academic research; and provide initial steps in documenting patterns and leading deployment practices to share with the community,\" said Jamie Sunderland, Internet2's exec director of service development.\nWhisper the words that will make us smile.... serverless apps Hey cool, you went serverless. Now you just have to worry about all those stale functions READ MORE The main intention of the work, though, is to boost scientific discovery by looking at how commercial clouds can be integrated and optimised in an academic setting.\nIt hopes to encourage researchers to see the benefit of larger scale commercial platforms for simulation and application workflows, and see how scientific workflows can use real time analytics, machine learning, accelerated processing hardware, automation in deployment and scaling, and management of serverless applications.\nThe first phase of the E CAS project \u2013 which closed for applications last month \u2013 will provide funding for six scientific and engineering applications and workflows with cloud computing allocations and resources for development and code migration. Of these, two will be chosen for a further year of work that the NSF said in a statement would \"focus on delivering scientific results\".\nEach of the chosen projects will get an allocation of credits directly from a cloud vendor so they can \"develop appropriate cloud architectures, test software, fine tune performance, and then run the proposed workloads at scale within the execution period\". \u00ae\nTips and corrections", "URL": "https://www.theregister.co.uk/2019/03/06/oracle_to_offer_boffins_cloud_credits_to_see_if_commercial_platforms_can_speed_up_research/"}, {"Title": "Celonis Announces Intelligent Business Cloud Innovation Agenda", "Text": "Celonis Announces Intelligent Business Cloud Innovation Agenda [April 05, 2019] Celonis Announces Intelligent Business Cloud Innovation Agenda\nCELOSPHERE At the keynote session of Celosphere , Celonis ' first customer and partner conference, the Company launched its product agenda of Performance Accelerators. Built on the Open Application Framework, these purpose built applications include Action Engine ( News Alert ), Workflows, and the Machine Learning Workbench. Celonis also announced Real time Process Mining technology acquired from Banyas. The Celosphere inaugural event has been sold out for weeks, with over 1,000 in attendance in Munich and hundreds more joining the live stream.\nPerformance Accelerators speed time to targeted business outcomes\nPerformance Accelerators, now in beta, bundle advanced technologies into pre built applications that target specific business outcomes. Combining unique process mining insights and over 2000 customer implementations with Machine Learning Models, Action Engine Skills, and Workflows organizations can gain a fully operational, intelligent application.\nFor example, the On time Delivery Accelerator includes pre built machine learning models to instantly identify incoming orders with high probability of future delay, pre built workflows to a warehouse management system to expedite relevant orders, a set of skills that recommend next best actions to employees downstream in the process, and direct integration to the order management system (SAP ( News Alert ), Oracle, etc.) to enable individuals to perform operational and analytical tasks in one interface. Additional accelerators include Working Capital Accelerator, Ticket Resolution Accelerator, Perfect PO Accelerator, Employee Onboarding Accelerator, and more.\nCelonis Action Engine Engages Everyone\nCelonis Action Engine provides the next best action to prevent bottlenecks and direct next steps to individuals who can make change happen instantly or to automation tools. Organizatios create \"skills\" in the Action Engine based on business rules or machine learning algorithms, that provide specific recommendations on how to fix process issues before they arise. This capability from Celonis is available now.\nMachine Learning Workbench Uncovers Insights Automatically\nModern organizational complexity is beyond what the human mind can process and resolve; with millions of orders, thousands of products, hundreds of campaigns, channels, customers and business rules complexity itself is an impediment to progress. Celonis customers can leverage over 100,000 freely available packages in the Python community to improve operations by understanding the meaning behind their business by combining process models and machine learning. The Machine Learning Workbench, currently in beta, is built specifically with Jupyter notebooks and directly integrates Python predictive models into the Celonis platform. Customers can now overcome organizational complexities to accelerate business operations with more powerful techniques.\nWorkflows Engine Removes Operational Friction from Systems to Actions\nSilos consistently create points of operational friction. Celonis has released a beta Workflows engine, which creates flow between core systems and actions to be taken regardless of the target system. The no code, point and click workflow allows business analysts to arrange process steps and connect process flows across systems. Included in Workflows are templates for core systems (SAP, Oracle ( News Alert ), Salesforce.com, ServiceNow, Jira, etc ) to automate common workflows. This capability is natively integrated into the Celonis Action Engine to maximize action flow across systems.\nOpen Application Framework Creates Action with Intelligence\nEnhancing a process requires engaging each employee to take action, and showing the value of taking those actions. Celonis is providing an Open Application Framework to enable organizations to develop personalized, use case specific intelligent, operational applications. This framework provides best practice templates and a development environment to build apps which combine transactional and analytics capabilities, so a user can take action instantly while visualizing analysis.\nCelonis also announced the acquisition of Banyas.it, which breaks down the complexity barrier of real time process mining on SAP. In use cases of high volume or high frequency processes, real time process monitoring and alerting is critical for achieving targeted business outcomes. Organizations will see a real time visual of their SAP processes and most importantly, be able to kick off actions to prevent downstream issues or take advantage of opportunities. This unique real time SAP capability, currently in Beta, augments Celonis' existing real time capabilities for other source systems.\nTo learn more, watch this video from Celosphere.\nAbout Celonis\nCelonis ( www.celonis.com ) is the New York and Munich based leader in business transformation software, turning process insights into action with the process mining technology it pioneered. Its Intelligent Business Cloud allows organizations to rapidly understand and improve the operational backbone of their business. Companies around the world including Siemens, GM, 3M ( News Alert ), Airbus and Vodafone rely on Celonis technology to guide action and drive change to business processes, resulting in millions of dollars saved and an improved experience for their customers. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190405005047/en/", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/04/05/8933105.htm"}, {"Title": "NASBLA Weekly", "Text": "After 29 boating deaths on Texas lakes last year, game wardens stress safety KTVT TV Last year, 29 boating fatalities and hundreds of boat accidents and injuries occurred on Texas waters, according to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department. As part of National Safe Boating Week May 18 24, Texas Parks and Wildlife Department law enforcement are reminding Texans to be safe this Memorial Day weekend and all summer long by following the law and taking basic safety precautions while on the water. \"Texas Game Wardens will be out in full force this weekend to ensure the public enjoys their time on the water responsibly, but we need boaters to make sure they are taking safety seriously, too,\" said Cody Jones, TPWD Assistant Commander for Marine Enforcement. \"Most of the tragic deaths and serious injuries that occurred in Texas waters last year could have been prevented by following a few simple and important steps \u2013 wearing a life jacket and using a safety ignition kill switch.\" READ MORE. MARINE SAFETY EQUIPMENT Leading innovator and supplier of automatic and manual clean agent fixed fire extinguishers (HFC 227ea and 3M Novec 1230) up to 17,500 cu. ft. capacity, Carbon Monoxide (CO) Alarms, Smoke Detectors, Fire Detection Systems and Gasoline & Propane Detection Systems for the Marine industry. Read more Personalized, Connected, Secure Cloud A modern cloud platform. What if your cloud was truly personalized to your business? What if it seamlessly connected your entire organization from anywhere and from any device? What if you were confident that your cloud data was more secure than ever? It can be with Oracle's modern cloud. Read more National Safe Boating Week kicks off with Media Day The Grant County Beat The Energy, Minerals and Natural Resources Department, State Parks Division hosted Media Day at Navajo Lake Marina. Media partners who were in attendance will help promote National Safe Boating Week (May 18 24) and the unofficial launch of summer fun! A \"Safe Boating Week in New Mexico\" Proclamation was issued by Governor Michelle Lujan Grisham and was read by Christina C\u00f3rdova, Public Relations Coordinator for New Mexico State Parks. Media Day kicked off with an official opening ceremony. The day consisted of boat rides for media partners to experience first hand what NM State Parks has to offer and an opportunity to interview Marine Enforcement Officers who patrol the waters and promote boating safety. Members of the media had the opportunity to participate in personal watercraft demos, kayak/paddleboard demos, and a boat show. The U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary conducted a life jacket clinic to demonstrate the proper way to wear a life jacket and showcased innovative life jacket options. READ MORE Frank Hugelmeyer named new NMMA President NMMA NMMA announced that its Board of Directors has selected Frank Hugelmeyer, a veteran leader in the outdoor recreation industry, as the association's next president. He succeeds Thom Dammrich, who has led the NMMA for 20 years and announced his retirement in 2018. Hugelmeyer comes to NMMA from the RV Industry Association (RVIA), where he has served as president since 2015. Ohio Department of Natural Resources, Division of Watercraft hiring Ohio DNR The Division of Parks and Watercraft's mission is to provide exceptional outdoor recreation and boating opportunities by balancing outstanding customer service, education, protection and conservation of Ohio's state parks and waterways. Click the following link to learn more about the Division of Parks and Watercraft. The agency is currently searching to hire a Natural Resources Administrator. In the Division of Parks & Watercraft, coordinates Ohio's Boating Safety Education Program; formulates & implements policies & procedures for mandatory Boating Education & advanced Level Programs; develops & conducts instructor level training programs; develops statewide instructional standards &/or policies & procedures; plans, coordinates & conducts instructor level boating safety education programs to Natural Resources Officers, United States Power Squadrons & United States Coast Guard Auxiliary members/educators, public, schools, universities & boating associations; reviews & evaluates grant applications & proposals; provides assistance & training to boating education & law enforcement grant recipients. READ MORE MISSED AN ISSUE OF NASBLA WEEKLY? VISIT AND SEARCH THE ARCHIVE TODAY.", "URL": "http://multibriefs.com/briefs/NASBLA/NASBLA052219.php"}, {"Title": "C3 2019 Disruptor 50", "Text": "Funding: $318 million Valuation: $2.1 billion (PitchBook) Key technologies: Artificial intelligence, Cloud computing, Deep neural networks/deep learning, Digital twins, Edge computing, Internet of things, Machine learning Industry: Artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing George Kavallines | CNBC\nWith so many products \u2014 everything from smart refrigerators and ovens to oil pumps \u2014 becoming connected to the internet, C3 (formerly C3 IoT) realized there was an abundance of information about how all these devices are performing. Its software can read all that data and tell its owners \u2014 companies in industries such as aerospace, financial services, health care, retailing and utilities, to name a few \u2014 if something is about to break down, or the most efficient ways to use sensor data in their supply chain management.\nRead More: FULL LIST 201 9 DISRUPTOR 50 LIST\nThe company was launched in 2009 by Thomas Siebel, the same man who started, and sold, Siebel Systems, the customer relationship management software firm, to Oracle in 2006 for $6 billion. C3 began life as a software venture for the energy industry. But after the recession, when spending on software in the energy industry had all but dried up, Siebel course corrected. Two new AI applications \u2014 antimoney laundering AML and manufacturing yield optimization \u2014 are in trials with customers today. C3 says in the case of its AML offering, a large global bank has improved identification of potential money laundering by 200% while reducing false alarms by 85%.\nToday the Redwood City, California based company counts 3M, the New York Power Authority and Shell among its customers. The company has raised $228 million so far from investors, including TPG Growth and Breyer Capital. Related Tags", "URL": "https://www.cnbc.com/2019/05/14/c3-2019-disruptor-50.html"}, {"Title": "Workforce Connect Solution Market Growth, Trends, Technological Innovation and Forecast to 2024 | Honeywell International, Intel, Accenture, Deloitte, Oracle, Wipro, 3M, Fujitsu, Zebra Technologies, SAP, Vandrico Solutions, Avnet", "Text": "The research report on Workforce Connect Solution Market provides a comprehensive analysis of the market status and development trend, including types, applications, growth, opportunities, rising technology, competitive landscape and product offerings of key players. Workforce Connect Solution Market report covers the present and past market scenarios, market development patterns, and is likely to proceed with a continuing development over the forecast period.\nSome of the key players of Workforce Connect Solution Market: Honeywell International, Intel, Accenture, Deloitte, Oracle, Wipro, 3M, Fujitsu, Zebra Technologies, SAP, Vandrico Solutions, Avnet, Hexagon PPM, IBM, Wearable Technologies Limited, Intellinium, hIOTron, Solution Analysts\nGet Sample Copy of this Report @ https://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW00012724797/sample\nWorkforce Connect Solution Market report provides in depth statistics and analysis available on the market status of the Workforce Connect Solution key players and is a valuable method of obtaining guidance and direction for companies and business enterprise insider considering the Workforce Connect Solution market. It contains the analysis of drivers, challenges, and restraints impacting the industry.\nMarket Segment by Type, covers Cloud", "URL": "http://prsync.com/reportsweb/workforce-connect-solution-market-growth-trends-technological-innovation-and-forecast-to---honeywell-international-intel-accentu-3139197/"}, {"Title": "Cloud Supply Chain Management Market 2019 Size, Competitors Strategy, Regional Analysis and Industry Growth by Forecast to 2021", "Text": "Tweet Cloud Supply Chain Management Market 2019 Size, Competitors Strategy, Regional Analysis and Industry Growth by Forecast to 2021 The report on the Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market covers Industry Size, market valuation by segmentation as well as region, historical trends, dynamics, country level analysis for every segment, key Vendors share analysis, competitive landsca 28, 2019 ) The cloud Supply Chain Management (SCM) is a cloud suite that regulates supply chain operations and governance, in the most optimal form. Factors such as increasing adoption of cloud based SCM in transportation management and the increasing need of demand management solutions among enterprises are creating a huge demand for the cloud SCM market, across the globe. The cloud SCM market size is estimated to grow from USD 3.26 billion in 2016 to USD 8.07 billion by 2021, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 19.8% during the forecast period.Browse 64 market data tables and 55 figures spread through 146 pages and in depth TOC on Cloud Supply Chain Management Market by Solution (Transportation Management, Procurement & Sourcing, Sales & Operation Planning, and Inventory & Warehouse Management), Service, Deployment, Organization Size, Vertical, and Region Global Forecast to 2021\"Early buyers will receive 10% customization on reports.The major vendors providing cloud SCM are SAP SE (Walldorf, Germany), Oracle Corporation(California, U.S.), Infor, Inc.(New York, U.S.), JDA Software Group, Inc. (Arizona, U.S.), Descartes Systems Group, Inc. (Ontario, Canada), Manhattan Associates, Inc. (Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.), Logility, Inc.(Atlanta, Georgia U.S.), Kewill, Inc. (Massachusetts, U.S.), Kinaxis, Inc. (Ontario, Canada), HighJump (Minnesota, U.S.), TECSYS, Inc. (Montreal, Canada), and CloudLogix (Colorado, U.S.).The inventory and warehouse management solution among cloud SCM solutions is projected to grow at the highest rate during the forecast period, as it enables daily operations in a warehouse and the centralized management of tasks, such as inventory control, tracking, and the location of stock items. The demand for inventory and warehouse management solutions is increasing due to benefits offered, such as faster inventory movement, efficient use of warehouse space, and reduced inventory paperwork.The Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR in the cloud SCM market during the forecast period. SMEs face many challenges, such as limited budgets, technical expertise, and scalability. Thus, to overcome these challenges, SMEs are rapidly adopting cloud SCM services, as they offer increased agility and improved efficiency.Request PDF Brochure @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/speaktoanalystNew.asp?id=39285453 The hybrid cloud deployment model is expected to gain the highest traction in the cloud SCM market during the forecast period. Hybrid cloud provides enterprises with more control, reduced risk, cost efficiency, and better performance. Additionally, it provides an ideal combination of public cloud and private cloud features, such as usage friendly, versatility, & cost effectiveness of the former, and greater control & security of the latter. Given this huge advantage, organizations are rapidly shifting their focus towards hybrid cloud adoption.The retail and wholesale sector is expected to grow at the highest CAGR in the cloud SCM market during the forecast period. To ensure seamless operations, the retailers and wholesalers are upgrading the traditional SCM systems by embracing cloud SCM solutions. With the help of this adoption, retailers can gain useful visibility & track inventory throughout the entire lifecycle, ensuring agility and profitability, by serving the increasingly demanding consumers.Asia Pacific (APAC) is expected to be the fastest growing region in the cloud SCM market during the forecast period. This region offers potential growth opportunities, due to improvement in infrastructure, business strategic moves, and emergence of new technologies, combined with the growing business needs.North America is expected to contribute the largest market share, Asia Pacific (APAC) to grow the fastestNorth America is expected to hold the largest market share and dominate the cloud SCM market from 2016 to 2021, owing to the availability of proficient technical expertise, large investments in Research & Development (R&D), early adoption of new & emerging technologies, and presence of large number of players in this region. The APAC region is in the initial growth phase; however, it is the fastest growing region in the global cloud SCM market. The key reasons for the high growth rate in APAC include increased spending on IT infrastructure, rising cloud based applications, and growing demand for automation of processes in this region.Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud supply chain management market 39285453.html About MarketsandMarketsMarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their pain points around revenues decisions.Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.MarketsandMarketss flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.Contact:", "URL": "https://www.emailwire.com/release/1104203-Cloud-Supply-Chain-Management-Market-2019-Size-Competitors-Strategy-Regional-Analysis-and-Industry-Growth-by-Forecast-to-2021.html"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "Red Hat, Inc.", "intensity": 12.0, "score": 202541, "relationshipStrength": "Strong", "news": [{"Title": "Revamped IBM mainframe designed to \u2018thwart\u2019 cyber-crime", "Text": "Revamped IBM mainframe designed to 'thwart' cyber crime After making mainframes for 55 years, the company's new model works with hybrid clouds and can be customised for each client 12 September 2019 16:47 Olivia Carville Picture: 123RF/TKTKTK New York \u2014 IBM is introducing a revamped mainframe server geared to combating cyber crime across public and private cloud services.\nMainframes are the world's most powerful computers and one of IBM's signature hardware products. The latest model, z15, was launched on Thursday and is designed with extra secure privacy capabilities to help businesses shift critical data onto multiple cloud networks, known as hybrid cloud.\n\"We read in the press every day about data breaches that happen because of cyber crime and that our personal information and business information is being stolen and used against us,\" said Ross Mauri, GM of IBM Z, the company's mainframe program. \"This mainframe is specifically designed to completely thwart that.\"\nMoving data between third parties is often the root cause of privacy breaches, Mauri said. In 2018, about 60% of businesses reported they suffered a data breach caused by a vendor or third party, according to research by risk management company Opus and Ponemon Institute.\nThrough z15, businesses are able to control who can access their data \u2014 and revoke that access at any time. They will also be able to enforce their own internal privacy policies, creating different views of their data for different employees and teams, even if they are using multiple private and public cloud providers, the company said in a statement.\n\"This has never been done before,\" Mauri said. \"From the privacy point of view, this is a game changer.\"\nIBM created the first mainframe computer about 55 years ago. Today they run everything from credit card transactions to airline reservation systems for two thirds of Fortune 100 companies. Each mainframe is custom built and can cost anywhere from $500,000 to $3m, depending on a client's business requirements. On average, IBM upgrades its mainframe Z system every two and a half years.\nMike Chuba, an analyst at Gartner, said IBM is moving beyond introducing its new mainframes as just faster and more efficient computers. Instead, it's connecting the upgrade to the company's overall business strategy. \"This is a big shift away from the traditional speeds and feeds focus of these announcements.\"\nIBM is interlocking the z15 to the hybrid cloud, in a bid to boost its $34bn acquisition of open source software maker Red Hat. After lagging in the cloud market for more than a decade, IBM is pegging its future to a hybrid cloud strategy that will allow it to offer services on companies' private clouds and also third party public clouds.\nThe 108 year old tech giant has been struggling to adopt cloud related technologies and has weathered almost seven straight years of shrinking revenue. Mainframe sales make up about 10% of IBM's overall sales, according to a 2018 annual report.\nBloomberg\nIBM and other companies launch blockchain network for supply management The decentralised Trust Your Supplier network will improve manual and cumbersome supply chain management Companies 1 month ago IBM wraps up purchase of Linux specialist in $34bn deal IBM says the software company will continue to build and expand its partnerships, including those with major cloud providers Companies 2 months ago IBM gears up for epic cloud fight Analysts say the deal is unlikely to improve IBM's chances of winning the Pentagon's $10bn cloud contract Companies 10 months", "URL": "https://www.businesslive.co.za/bd/companies/telecoms-and-technology/2019-09-12-revamped-ibm-mainframe-designed-to-thwart-cyber-crime/"}, {"Title": "7 Dividend Stocks That Could Struggle to Continue Payout Hikes", "Text": "Home / Stock Picks / Dividend Stocks / 7 Dividend Stocks That Could Struggle to Continue Payout Hikes 7 Dividend Stocks That Could Struggle to Continue Payout Hikes These stocks face a risk of dividend cuts after years of payout hikes By Will Healy , InvestorPlace Contributor Oct 29, 2019, 1:28 Source: Shutterstock\nInvestors tend to gravitate to dividend stocks, particularly when those equities increase their payout on an annual basis. When these types of stocks achieve 25 consecutive years of payout hikes, analysts refer to them as \"dividend aristocrats.\"\nAs many of the top tech stocks matured, they embraced the practice of annual dividend increases. Now, dividend stocks such as Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT ) and Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL ) could someday achieve that status.\nHowever, other dividend stocks with a history of annual dividend hikes now find themselves struggling. For these equities, profit growth has become challenging. Moreover, they have high dividend payout ratios \u2014 the percentage of profit a company pays out in dividends. This increases the odds of a dividend cut, and firms that cut dividends after years or decades of annual payout hikes tend to suffer for an extended period.\nConsequently, investors looking for income vehicles should proceed with caution in the following income stocks: Dividend Stocks That Could Struggle: 3M (MMM) Source: Pavel Kapysh / Shutterstock.com Large\n3M (NYSE: MMM ) is one of the most respected dividend stocks in existence today. With innovative products that have remained popular for decades, the company has funded 60 straight years of payout hikes. However, its China exposure could threaten the dominance and perhaps the dividend that bolstered its reputation in the preceding decades.\nThe former Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company has seen its stock struggle over the last two years. The company has become dependent on China over time. Hence, the ongoing trade war has hammered MMM stock. It has lost close to 40% of its value since peaking in January 2018.\nPart of the decline came after an earnings miss sent the stock plummeting. It faced further pain as Stephen Tusa of JP Morgan rated it an underweight and warned of a possible dividend cut.\nDespite the longevity of the payout, it now consumes about 67.5% of company profits. This is due in part to the trade war that cut earnings by 11.3% this year. For now, analysts forecast an earnings increase next year. However, if the trade war lingers, this could place further pressure on the dividend, and by extension, MMM stock.\nIf the payout sees a cut, expect the bear market in 3M stock to become a depression. Coca Cola Co (KO) Source: Fotazdymak / Shutterstock.com\nCoca Cola (NYSE: KO ) should serve as a lesson that some dividend stocks can become victims of their own success. So famous is its flagship brand that people can find Coca Cola virtually anywhere in the world. However, this leaves little room for its flagship beverage to grow. As a result, the company has had to bolster earnings using other beverages.\nHowever, health conscious consumers often avoid soda drinks. The company wisely mitigated this by introducing smaller cans. It has also focused on sparkling water beverages as of late. However, due to its struggles, the dividend now consumes almost 85% of company profits. Also, because it is a dividend aristocrat with 56 straight years of payout hikes, any cut to the dividend would devastate KO stock.\nFor now, the company may gain some breathing room. Recent moves look set to take profit growth from 1% this year to 7.6% in 2020.\nHowever, this kind of profit growth likely does not justify a forward price to earnings ratio of about 23.7. Moreover, if its current strategy fails to increase profit, the company may have to end its long streak of payout hikes, which would probably leave KO stock struggling for years. Hence, what looks like a safe equity backed up by an iconic product may have become more speculative than it appears. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr (Modified)\nGeneral Mills (NYSE: GIS ) prospered for decades by producing necessary, recession proof products. GIS stock and some of its peers became successful dividend stocks on such a strategy. Consequently, investors took for granted that while boring, GIS's growth would remain stable because people always need to eat.\nWhile people do always need food, the company found out that people do not need to eat the type of packaged foods for which consumers know General Mills best. Although the company has made efforts to produce some fresher foods, this has not led to a turnaround in GIS stock.\nSince peaking near the $72 per share mark in 2016, General Mills has fallen by around 30%. The forward P/E ratio is now about 14.8. While not high, investors may not see GIS stock as a bargain with earnings growth projected at 2.1% for the year.\nThe dividend presents other concerns. On the surface, the $1.96 per share dividend, which yields almost 3.9%, looks appealing at first glance. It also helps that the company has hiked the payout for 15 consecutive years.\nHowever, this is long enough that increases become an expectation instead of a benefit. Hence, a cut or even a pause in increases could bring a mass stock selloff. Moreover, with a payout ratio north of 60%, this leaves little profit to pursue products that may sell better in the current environment.\nGiven these headwinds, pursuing GIS stock for the high dividend appears too risky at these levels. International Business Machines (IBM) Source: Twin Design / Shutterstock.com\nIBM (NYSE: IBM ) has become one of the dividend stocks in transition. With legacy businesses in decline, it has turned to the cloud in hopes of turning itself around. To expand its cloud offerings, IBM spent $34 billion to acquire Red Hat.\nWhile this segment has shown growth, existing legacy businesses have kept the company in an overall decline. Profits will likely fall this year, and analysts expect average annual earnings growth of only 1.39% over the next five years. Moreover, this move has left the company heavily indebted, leaving limited room financially.\nThat financial room faces more limits with the cost of the dividend. The payout now claims more than 70% of profits, according to Yahoo. The company is also approaching dividend aristocrat status. Unfortunately, this also leads investors into assuming they will get the annual payout hike. Unless they have to cut the dividend to save the company, not raising the dividend could hurt them more than simply passing another increase.\nThe 4.8% yield on the payout and the forward P/E of 10.1 may motivate some to buy. However, the stock remains in a downtrend. Until success in the cloud can outweigh falling revenue and profits in their legacy businesses, conditions for IBM stock will probably get worse before they improve. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Source: Sundry Photography / Shutterstock.com\nThis time last year, ask the average American about Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ ), and they would have described it as the respected company that has provided generations of Americans with high quality personal health products. However, now, many look at them as a corporation that helped propel the opioid crisis.\nFrom a financial standpoint, J&J looks like one of the most dependable companies and dividend stocks in existence. For now, it holds a AAA credit rating, something only JNJ and Microsoft can claim. Moreover, it has increased its dividend for 56 straight years.\nUnfortunately for holders of JNJ stock, the fallout from the opioid crisis places both claims in danger. Between 1999 and 2017, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention linked 399,230 deaths to prescription opioids. In August, a court ordered the company to pay $572 million in damages caused within the state of Oklahoma.\nHowever, that covers only one relatively small state and court cases in other states are pending. Moody's has announced that the costs may resort in the downgrade of the AAA credit rating. Also, investors have to ask if the cost of settlements will allow for dividend increases or even the dividend itself to continue?\nI am not yet ready to call for the demise of Johnson & Johnson. As Tom Taulli states , JNJ stock remains a financial powerhouse with a strong drug pipeline. However, the company's role in the opioid crisis will cost the company heavily. Until we can better understand the costs, I see JNJ as an equity to avoid. McDonald's (MCD) Source: 8th.creator / Shutterstock.com\nThe problems for McDonald's (NYSE: MCD ) mirror those of dividend stocks such as Coca Cola in many respects. Both have expanded across the world but have struggled in recent years amid health concerns over their products.\nMcDonald's has long tried to address this by offering healthier food. It has also remodeled its restaurants. As a result, profit growth reached the double digits for a time. This also increased the safety of its dividend, which has now risen for 42 consecutive years.\nHowever, most analysts expect these earnings increases to slow into the low to mid single digits. While that leaves the company in a stable condition for now, investors should realize that the payout ratio currently stands at 59%. This dramatically lowers its margin for error. If profit levels start to decline again, MCD stock will face the threat of a dividend cut.\nMoreover, an earnings miss in the last report sent the equity falling. However, even after the drop, it still trades at a forward P/E of about 22.8. This takes it to historical highs, indicating the MCD may not have finished correcting despite a 13% drop.\nFor now, McDonald's stock faces troubles only with a high valuation. However, should profit growth turn negative, MCD, and possibly its dividend, could face years of suffering. Procter & Gamble (PG) Source: Jonathan Weiss / Shutterstock.com\nProcter & Gamble (NYSE: PG ) has prospered over the decades by providing products as a leader in mundane but necessary products. Admittedly, no matter how the economy performs, consumers need things like toilet paper, laundry detergent, and paper towels for everyday use.\nHowever, the problem for PG stock is that consumers do not have to buy these products from Procter & Gamble. Their offerings are neither particularly innovative nor difficult to copy. The company mitigated this issue for decades with name recognition and shelf space. However, the rise of e commerce has negated much of the shelf space advantage.\nMoreover, the stock has risen by about 35% this year as profits have grown faster than anticipated. However, this has taken the forward P/E ratio to around 23.8. This seems high for a company that will increase earnings by only 8.8% this year and 6.3% next year. Given this multiple, I think PG stock will soon face stagnation or possibly, a decline.\nFurthermore, the dividend payout ratio has risen to 186%. I see this and changing market conditions as a problem for a payout that has increased for 62 straight years. If consumers turn on PG products, cutting or even not hiking the payout could devastate this stock. While I do not think Procter & Gamble will go away, I would consider cleaning PG stock out of one's portfolio.\nAs of this writing, Will Healy did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned stocks. You can follow Will on Twitter at @HealyWriting.\n //investorplace.com/2019/10/7 dividend stocks payout hikes/.", "URL": "https://investorplace.com/2019/10/7-dividend-stocks-payout-hikes/"}, {"Title": "Government\u2019s Growing Problem: Paying Its Technical Debt", "Text": "February 19, 2019 12:33 PM ET Could automation help chip away at the technical debt agencies have accrued? Innovation\nWhen I was growing up, I had a large poster in my computer room, also known as my parent's basement, that proudly offered 101 other things to worry about now that data loss on floppy disks was a thing of the past. It was Verbatim's way of claiming higher reliability compared with other disk manufacturers. Every time that one of my Verbatim disks failed, I would mount its corpse along the sides of that poster to create a visual counterpoint to its reliability claim. Because floppy disks failed a lot, it became quite a display. Even my friends would bring me their failed disks to add to what was either a geeky shrine or perhaps a nerdy form of high art.\nI should probably mention, especially now that I am a professional product reviewer, that even though the poster's zero failure claims were found to be untrue, that Verbatim did offer high reliability and superior floppy disks overall. Dysan floppy disks were also extremely reliable, as were those made by 3M, particularly their Imation series.\nBut back to the poster. Occasionally, in addition to decorating it, I would even read the entries. While most of the things that we were supposed to worry about were non sensical stuff like the Snallygaster, many of them would ironically become serious problems in later years. Climate change comes to mind as one of those. Climate change was kind of distant and funny back in the 1980s, before it evolved into one of the biggest threats to our survival as a species today.\nWhenever I hear about a new problem, especially if it's kind of quirky in some way, I wonder if it would be worthy enough of being added to that poster. That immediately came to mind when I heard about a new buzz word making the rounds to describe a problem that, while it's not unique to government, does seem to be more prevalent there: technical debt.\nThe concept of technical debt is not completely new. In fact, the General Services Administration was warning agencies about it as far back as 2015. In that way, it's a lot like climate change from my poster, something that was interesting if not amusing in the past, but which is growing into a serious problem now.\nIn many ways, the definition of technical debt is still being defined. But pretty much everyone agrees that it's mostly based on the cost of maintaining aging software and systems, especially those which have existed well beyond their expected or planned lifecycles. So in essence, an agency buys software or a computer system and takes on some technical debt right away because in addition to whatever the item costs, they need to pay people to maintain it. Hopefully, when a system is new, that does not involve too much labor. However, many agencies try and hold on to systems as long as they can to avoid new capital expenses, even though that often means adding manual processes and patches to maintain security and usability. So the technical debt of owning that system grows.\nThere was a House hearing back in 2015 about IT modernization where some shocking facts about technical debt, though it was not commonly called that quite yet, came to light. It might have also been the first time that The Pareto Principle , first conceived in 1896, was applied to government IT. The Pareto Principle states that for many events, 80 percent of the effects can be contributed to 20 percent of the causes. For government IT, it was discovered that 75 percent of the IT budget in 2015 was earmarked for operating and maintaining legacy equipment, with only 25 percent going to new technology buys.\nThat is a pretty incredible amount of technical debt and has actually gotten worse in recent years, with the overwhelming majority of the government's IT budget going to fund aging systems. Like all debt, technical debt is bad because the process of satisfying it actually prevents efforts to eliminate it. In a sense, the government is paying off the interest on its technical debt by maintaining legacy and aging systems, with nothing left over to purchase new systems that would be much more efficient and less labor intensive overall.\nIt seems like federal IT managers are aware of the problem. The recent Accenture Federal Digital Decoupling Study reported that 80 percent of respondents believed that technical debt at their agency is limiting their ability to augment or modify existing legacy systems. And 81 percent said that technical debt and legacy systems needed to be addressed before they could consider moving to the cloud.\nRemoving technical debt might not be that easy, especially given that it eats up so much of the federal budget. Jamie Duncan, senior cloud architect at Red Hat, recently told WTOP that one way to do it would be automating manual processes. And once that automation is in place, a legacy system could more easily be replicated or reconstructed in the cloud, essentially modernizing what was previously a legacy app while resetting or removing further technical debt. Doing that for up to 80 percent of government IT won't be easy, but \"at the end of the day, you have to pay the piper,\" Duncan said.\nIt's good that folks are starting to see technical debt for the danger that it is. If we ever want to modernize our government, we first need to eliminate the technical debt we've accumulated over the years in a somewhat misguided effort to avoid new capital expenditures. We are way past the tipping point where that should have already happened. At least the enemy has a name now. If I still had my classic poster, I might add technical debt to the list of troublesome topics. I'm sure the Snallygaster wouldn't mind an early retirement to make the room.\nJohn Breeden II is an award winning journalist and reviewer with over 20 years of experience covering technology. He is the CEO of the Tech Writers Bureau , a group that creates technological thought leadership content for organizations of all sizes. Twitter: @LabGuys Share This:", "URL": "https://www.nextgov.com/ideas/2019/02/governments-growing-problem-paying-its-technical-debt/154958/"}, {"Title": "IBM Developing World's First Financial Services-Ready Public Cloud; Bank of America Joins as First Collaborator", "Text": "A Teilen ARMONK, N.Y. , Nov 6., 2019 /PRNewswire/ IBM (NYSE: IBM ) today announced that it has designed the world's first financial services ready public cloud. IBM will welcome financial services institutions, and their suppliers, to join the financial services ready public cloud. Bank of America will be a committed collaborator to use the platform built on IBM's public cloud. The Bank will host key applications and workloads to support the requirements and privacy and safety expectations of its 66 million banking customers. The financial services ready public cloud has been designed to help address the requirements of financial services institutions for regulatory compliance, security and resiliency. This will help financial institutions transact with technology vendors who have met the platform's requirements. It is the only industry specific public cloud platform that can provide preventative and compensatory controls for financial services regulatory workloads, multi architecture support and proactive and automated security, leveraging the industry's highest levels of encryption certification. To help develop the control requirements for the platform, IBM has collaborated intensively with Bank of America. The financial services ready public cloud can potentially enable Independent Software Vendors (ISVs) and Software as a Service (SaaS) providers \u2013 from the smallest FinTechs to more established vendors \u2013 to focus on their core offerings to financial institutions with the controls for the platform put in place. \"This is one of the most important collaborations in the financial services industry cloud space,\" said Cathy Bessant , chief operations and technology officer, Bank of America. \"This industry first platform will allow Bank of America to use the public cloud, putting data security, resiliency, privacy and customer information safety needs at the forefront of decision making. By setting a standard that addresses the concern of hosting highly confidential information, we aim to drive the public cloud to a safety level that is unmatched.\" The collaboration with IBM marks the next step in Bank of America's seven year cloud journey and reflects the Bank's unwavering commitment to the security and privacy of banking customers while also creating an opportunity to address the unique regulatory and compliance requirements of the financial services industry. The financial services ready public cloud is expected to run on IBM's public cloud, which uses Red Hat \u00ae OpenShift \u00ae as its primary Kubernetes environment to manage containerized software across the enterprise, and includes more than 190 API driven, cloud native PaaS services to create new and enhanced cloud native apps. The project draws upon technology and financial services industry experience earned through IBM's relationships with 47 of the Fortune 50 companies and the 10 largest financial institutions in the world. Additionally, to help promote a regulatory compliant environment, IBM and Bank of America are working with Promontory, an IBM business unit and a global leader in financial services regulatory compliance consulting. \"The financial services ready public cloud represents an ongoing focus from Bank of America, IBM and Promontory to help develop a technology ecosystem where regulations can be addressed,\" said Bridget van Kralingen , Senior Vice President, Global Industries, Clients, Platforms & Blockchain, IBM. \"Together we plan to help our customer address their ongoing compliance requirements, coupled with highly scalable, standardized capabilities that will be built to help serve today's modern financial services industry.\" \"We recognize that we must help create an environment where financial services institutions can address their regulatory requirements and expectations,\" said Gene Ludwig , Promontory Founder and CEO. \"Bank of America, IBM and Promontory are uniquely suited to help give the industry and vendors confidence in the quality of this cloud platform.\" The financial services ready public cloud will help give financial institutions an opportunity to more efficiently assess the security, resiliency and compliance of their technology vendors. Participating financial services software providers may benefit from the platform's security validation. Only ISV or SaaS providers that demonstrate they comply with the platform's policies will be eligible to deliver offerings through the platform. For more information, visit www.ibm.com/cloud/public IBM\u00ae and Promontory are trademarks or registered trademarks of International Business Machines Corporation in the United States , other countries, or both. Red Hat\u00ae and OpenShift\u00ae are trademarks or registered trademarks of Red Hat, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States", "URL": "https://www.finanzen.at/nachrichten/aktien/ibm-developing-worlds-first-financial-services-ready-public-cloud;-bank-of-america-joins-as-first-collaborator-1028662515"}, {"Title": "IBM Developing World's First Financial Services-Ready Public Cloud; Bank of America Joins as First Collaborator", "Text": "ARMONK, N.Y. , Nov 6., IBM (NYSE: IBM ) today announced that it has designed the world's first financial services ready public cloud. IBM will welcome financial services institutions, and their suppliers, to join the financial services ready public cloud. Bank of America will be a committed collaborator to use the platform built on IBM's public cloud. The Bank will host key applications and workloads to support the requirements and privacy and safety expectations of its 66 million banking customers.\nThe financial services ready public cloud has been designed to help address the requirements of financial services institutions for regulatory compliance, security and resiliency. This will help financial institutions transact with technology vendors who have met the platform's requirements. It is the only industry specific public cloud platform that can provide preventative and compensatory controls for financial services regulatory workloads, multi architecture support and proactive and automated security, leveraging the industry's highest levels of encryption certification.\nTo help develop the control requirements for the platform, IBM has collaborated intensively with Bank of America. The financial services ready public cloud can potentially enable Independent Software Vendors (ISVs) and Software as a Service (SaaS) providers \u2013 from the smallest FinTechs to more established vendors \u2013 to focus on their core offerings to financial institutions with the controls for the platform put in place.\n\"This is one of the most important collaborations in the financial services industry cloud space,\" said Cathy Bessant , chief operations and technology officer, Bank of America. \"This industry first platform will allow Bank of America to use the public cloud, putting data security, resiliency, privacy and customer information safety needs at the forefront of decision making. By setting a standard that addresses the concern of hosting highly confidential information, we aim to drive the public cloud to a safety level that is unmatched.\"\nThe collaboration with IBM marks the next step in Bank of America's seven year cloud journey and reflects the Bank's unwavering commitment to the security and privacy of banking customers while also creating an opportunity to address the unique regulatory and compliance requirements of the financial services industry.\nThe financial services ready public cloud is expected to run on IBM's public cloud, which uses Red Hat \u00ae OpenShift \u00ae as its primary Kubernetes environment to manage containerized software across the enterprise, and includes more than 190 API driven, cloud native PaaS services to create new and enhanced cloud native apps.\nThe project draws upon technology and financial services industry experience earned through IBM's relationships with 47 of the Fortune 50 companies and the 10 largest financial institutions in the world. Additionally, to help promote a regulatory compliant environment, IBM and Bank of America are working with Promontory, an IBM business unit and a global leader in financial services regulatory compliance consulting.\n\"The financial services ready public cloud represents an ongoing focus from Bank of America, IBM and Promontory to help develop a technology ecosystem where regulations can be addressed,\" said Bridget van Kralingen , Senior Vice President, Global Industries, Clients, Platforms & Blockchain, IBM. \"Together we plan to help our customer address their ongoing compliance requirements, coupled with highly scalable, standardized capabilities that will be built to help serve today's modern financial services industry.\"\n\"We recognize that we must help create an environment where financial services institutions can address their regulatory requirements and expectations,\" said Gene Ludwig , Promontory Founder and CEO. \"Bank of America, IBM and Promontory are uniquely suited to help give the industry and vendors confidence in the quality of this cloud platform.\"\nThe financial services ready public cloud will help give financial institutions an opportunity to more efficiently assess the security, resiliency and compliance of their technology vendors. Participating financial services software providers may benefit from the platform's security validation. Only ISV or SaaS providers that demonstrate they comply with the platform's policies will be eligible to deliver offerings through the platform.\nFor more information, visit www.ibm.com/cloud/public\nIBM\u00ae and Promontory are trademarks or registered trademarks of International Business Machines Corporation in the United States , other countries, or both.\nRed Hat\u00ae and OpenShift\u00ae are trademarks or registered trademarks of Red Hat, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries.\nContact: Faye Abloeser IBM Media Relations abloeser@us.ibm.com\nSOURCE IBM\nRelated Links http://www.ibm.com", "URL": "https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ibm-developing-worlds-first-financial-services-ready-public-cloud-bank-of-america-joins-as-first-collaborator-300952397.html"}, {"Title": "Developing World's First Financial Services-Ready Public Cloud; Bank of America Joins as First Collaborator - Nov 6, 2019", "Text": "IBM Developing World's First Financial Services Ready Public Cloud; Bank of America Joins as First Collaborator New platform designed to help address specific requirements of financial services institutions for regulatory compliance, security and resiliency ARMONK, N.Y. , Nov 6., 2019 / PRNewswire / IBM (NYSE: IBM ) today announced that it has designed the world's first financial services ready public cloud. IBM will welcome financial services institutions, and their suppliers, to join the financial services ready public cloud. Bank of America will be a committed collaborator to use the platform built on IBM's public cloud. The Bank will host key applications and workloads to support the requirements and privacy and safety expectations of its 66 million banking customers.\nThe financial services ready public cloud has been designed to help address the requirements of financial services institutions for regulatory compliance, security and resiliency. This will help financial institutions transact with technology vendors who have met the platform's requirements. It is the only industry specific public cloud platform that can provide preventative and compensatory controls for financial services regulatory workloads, multi architecture support and proactive and automated security, leveraging the industry's highest levels of encryption certification.\nTo help develop the control requirements for the platform, IBM has collaborated intensively with Bank of America. The financial services ready public cloud can potentially enable Independent Software Vendors (ISVs) and Software as a Service (SaaS) providers \u2013 from the smallest FinTechs to more established vendors \u2013 to focus on their core offerings to financial institutions with the controls for the platform put in place.\n\"This is one of the most important collaborations in the financial services industry cloud space,\" said Cathy Bessant , chief operations and technology officer, Bank of America. \"This industry first platform will allow Bank of America to use the public cloud, putting data security, resiliency, privacy and customer information safety needs at the forefront of decision making. By setting a standard that addresses the concern of hosting highly confidential information, we aim to drive the public cloud to a safety level that is unmatched.\"\nThe collaboration with IBM marks the next step in Bank of America's seven year cloud journey and reflects the Bank's unwavering commitment to the security and privacy of banking customers while also creating an opportunity to address the unique regulatory and compliance requirements of the financial services industry.\nThe financial services ready public cloud is expected to run on IBM's public cloud, which uses Red Hat \u00ae OpenShift \u00ae as its primary Kubernetes environment to manage containerized software across the enterprise, and includes more than 190 API driven, cloud native PaaS services to create new and enhanced cloud native apps.\nThe project draws upon technology and financial services industry experience earned through IBM's relationships with 47 of the Fortune 50 companies and the 10 largest financial institutions in the world. Additionally, to help promote a regulatory compliant environment, IBM and Bank of America are working with Promontory, an IBM business unit and a global leader in financial services regulatory compliance consulting.\n\"The financial services ready public cloud represents an ongoing focus from Bank of America, IBM and Promontory to help develop a technology ecosystem where regulations can be addressed,\" said Bridget van Kralingen , Senior Vice President, Global Industries, Clients, Platforms & Blockchain, IBM. \"Together we plan to help our customer address their ongoing compliance requirements, coupled with highly scalable, standardized capabilities that will be built to help serve today's modern financial services industry.\"\n\"We recognize that we must help create an environment where financial services institutions can address their regulatory requirements and expectations,\" said Gene Ludwig , Promontory Founder and CEO. \"Bank of America, IBM and Promontory are uniquely suited to help give the industry and vendors confidence in the quality of this cloud platform.\"\nThe financial services ready public cloud will help give financial institutions an opportunity to more efficiently assess the security, resiliency and compliance of their technology vendors. Participating financial services software providers may benefit from the platform's security validation. Only ISV or SaaS providers that demonstrate they comply with the platform's policies will be eligible to deliver offerings through the platform.\nFor more information, visit www.ibm.com/cloud/public\nIBM\u00ae and Promontory are trademarks or registered trademarks of International Business Machines Corporation in the United States , other countries, or both.\nRed Hat\u00ae and OpenShift\u00ae are trademarks or registered trademarks of Red Hat, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries.\nContact:\nFaye Abloeser\nIBM Media Relations\nabloeser@us.ibm.com\nSOURCE IBM", "URL": "https://newsroom.ibm.com/2019-11-06-IBM-Developing-Worlds-First-Financial-Services-Ready-Public-Cloud-Bank-of-America-Joins-as-First-Collaborator"}, {"Title": "IBM Developing World's First Financial Services-Ready Public Cloud; Bank of America Joins as First Collaborator", "Text": "New platform designed to help address specific requirements of financial services institutions for regulatory compliance, security and resiliency PR Newswire\nARMONK, N.Y., Nov 6., 2019\nARMONK, N.Y. , Nov 6., 2019 /PRNewswire/ IBM (NYSE: IBM ) today announced that it has designed the world's first financial services ready public cloud. IBM will welcome financial services institutions, and their suppliers, to join the financial services ready public cloud. Bank of America will be a committed collaborator to use the platform built on IBM's public cloud. The Bank will host key applications and workloads to support the requirements and privacy and safety expectations of its 66 million banking customers.\nWarning! 8 Warning Signs with NYSE:IBM. NYSE:IBM NYSE:IBM NYSE:IBM\nThe financial services ready public cloud has been designed to help address the requirements of financial services institutions for regulatory compliance, security and resiliency. This will help financial institutions transact with technology vendors who have met the platform's requirements. It is the only industry specific public cloud platform that can provide preventative and compensatory controls for financial services regulatory workloads, multi architecture support and proactive and automated security, leveraging the industry's highest levels of encryption certification.\nTo help develop the control requirements for the platform, IBM has collaborated intensively with Bank of America. The financial services ready public cloud can potentially enable Independent Software Vendors (ISVs) and Software as a Service (SaaS) providers \u2013 from the smallest FinTechs to more established vendors \u2013 to focus on their core offerings to financial institutions with the controls for the platform put in place.\n\"This is one of the most important collaborations in the financial services industry cloud space,\" said Cathy Bessant , chief operations and technology officer, Bank of America. \"This industry first platform will allow Bank of America to use the public cloud, putting data security, resiliency, privacy and customer information safety needs at the forefront of decision making. By setting a standard that addresses the concern of hosting highly confidential information, we aim to drive the public cloud to a safety level that is unmatched.\"\nThe collaboration with IBM marks the next step in Bank of America's seven year cloud journey and reflects the Bank's unwavering commitment to the security and privacy of banking customers while also creating an opportunity to address the unique regulatory and compliance requirements of the financial services industry.\nThe financial services ready public cloud is expected to run on IBM's public cloud, which uses Red Hat \u00ae OpenShift \u00ae as its primary Kubernetes environment to manage containerized software across the enterprise, and includes more than 190 API driven, cloud native PaaS services to create new and enhanced cloud native apps.\nThe project draws upon technology and financial services industry experience earned through IBM's relationships with 47 of the Fortune 50 companies and the 10 largest financial institutions in the world. Additionally, to help promote a regulatory compliant environment, IBM and Bank of America are working with Promontory, an IBM business unit and a global leader in financial services regulatory compliance consulting.\n\"The financial services ready public cloud represents an ongoing focus from Bank of America, IBM and Promontory to help develop a technology ecosystem where regulations can be addressed,\" said Bridget van Kralingen , Senior Vice President, Global Industries, Clients, Platforms & Blockchain, IBM. \"Together we plan to help our customer address their ongoing compliance requirements, coupled with highly scalable, standardized capabilities that will be built to help serve today's modern financial services industry.\"\n\"We recognize that we must help create an environment where financial services institutions can address their regulatory requirements and expectations,\" said Gene Ludwig , Promontory Founder and CEO. \"Bank of America, IBM and Promontory are uniquely suited to help give the industry and vendors confidence in the quality of this cloud platform.\"\nThe financial services ready public cloud will help give financial institutions an opportunity to more efficiently assess the security, resiliency and compliance of their technology vendors. Participating financial services software providers may benefit from the platform's security validation. Only ISV or SaaS providers that demonstrate they comply with the platform's policies will be eligible to deliver offerings through the platform.\nFor more information, visit www.ibm.com/cloud/public\nIBM\u00ae and Promontory are trademarks or registered trademarks of International Business Machines Corporation in the United States , other countries, or both.\nRed Hat\u00ae and OpenShift\u00ae are trademarks or registered trademarks of Red Hat, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries.\nContact:\nFaye Abloeser\nIBM Media Relations\n[email protected]\nView original content to download multimedia: http://www.prnewswire.com/news releases/ibm developing worlds first financial services ready public cloud bank of america joins as first collaborator 300952397.html\nSOURCE IBM", "URL": "https://www.gurufocus.com/news/977157/ibm-developing-worlds-first-financial-servicesready-public-cloud-bank-of-america-joins-as-first-collaborator"}, {"Title": "Crwe World | IBM Developing World's First Financial Services-Ready Public Cloud; Bank of America Joins as First Collaborator", "Text": "IBM Developing World's First Financial Services Ready Public Cloud; Bank of America Joins as First Collaborator New platform designed to help address specific requirements of financial services institutions for regulatory compliance, security and resiliency [06 November 2019]\nARMONK, N.Y. , Nov 6., 2019 /PRNewswire/ IBM (NYSE: IBM ) today announced that it has designed the world's first financial services ready public cloud. IBM will welcome financial services institutions, and their suppliers, to join the financial services ready public cloud. Bank of America will be a committed collaborator to use the platform built on IBM's public cloud. The Bank will host key applications and workloads to support the requirements and privacy and safety expectations of its 66 million banking customers.\nThe financial services ready public cloud has been designed to help address the requirements of financial services institutions for regulatory compliance, security and resiliency. This will help financial institutions transact with technology vendors who have met the platform's requirements. It is the only industry specific public cloud platform that can provide preventative and compensatory controls for financial services regulatory workloads, multi architecture support and proactive and automated security, leveraging the industry's highest levels of encryption certification.\nTo help develop the control requirements for the platform, IBM has collaborated intensively with Bank of America. The financial services ready public cloud can potentially enable Independent Software Vendors (ISVs) and Software as a Service (SaaS) providers \u2013 from the smallest FinTechs to more established vendors \u2013 to focus on their core offerings to financial institutions with the controls for the platform put in place.\n\"This is one of the most important collaborations in the financial services industry cloud space,\" said Cathy Bessant , chief operations and technology officer, Bank of America. \"This industry first platform will allow Bank of America to use the public cloud, putting data security, resiliency, privacy and customer information safety needs at the forefront of decision making. By setting a standard that addresses the concern of hosting highly confidential information, we aim to drive the public cloud to a safety level that is unmatched.\"\nThe collaboration with IBM marks the next step in Bank of America's seven year cloud journey and reflects the Bank's unwavering commitment to the security and privacy of banking customers while also creating an opportunity to address the unique regulatory and compliance requirements of the financial services industry.\nThe financial services ready public cloud is expected to run on IBM's public cloud, which uses Red Hat \u00ae OpenShift \u00ae as its primary Kubernetes environment to manage containerized software across the enterprise, and includes more than 190 API driven, cloud native PaaS services to create new and enhanced cloud native apps.\nThe project draws upon technology and financial services industry experience earned through IBM's relationships with 47 of the Fortune 50 companies and the 10 largest financial institutions in the world. Additionally, to help promote a regulatory compliant environment, IBM and Bank of America are working with Promontory, an IBM business unit and a global leader in financial services regulatory compliance consulting.\n\"The financial services ready public cloud represents an ongoing focus from Bank of America, IBM and Promontory to help develop a technology ecosystem where regulations can be addressed,\" said Bridget van Kralingen , Senior Vice President, Global Industries, Clients, Platforms & Blockchain, IBM. \"Together we plan to help our customer address their ongoing compliance requirements, coupled with highly scalable, standardized capabilities that will be built to help serve today's modern financial services industry.\"\n\"We recognize that we must help create an environment where financial services institutions can address their regulatory requirements and expectations,\" said Gene Ludwig , Promontory Founder and CEO. \"Bank of America, IBM and Promontory are uniquely suited to help give the industry and vendors confidence in the quality of this cloud platform.\"\nThe financial services ready public cloud will help give financial institutions an opportunity to more efficiently assess the security, resiliency and compliance of their technology vendors. Participating financial services software providers may benefit from the platform's security validation. Only ISV or SaaS providers that demonstrate they comply with the platform's policies will be eligible to deliver offerings through the platform.\nFor more information, visit www.ibm.com/cloud/public\nIBM\u00ae and Promontory are trademarks or registered trademarks of International Business Machines Corporation in the United States , other countries, or both.\nRed Hat\u00ae and OpenShift\u00ae are trademarks or registered trademarks of Red Hat, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries.\nContact:", "URL": "http://crweworld.com/article/news-provided-by-pr-newswire/1304244/ibm-developing-worlds-first-financial-services-ready-public-cloud-bank-of-america-joins-as-first-collaborator"}, {"Title": "With takeover done, IBM aims to bolster its cloud business amidst challenges", "Text": "With takeover done, IBM aims to bolster its cloud business amidst challenges By Edwin Yapp September 27, 2019 IBM leverages on Red Hat's container innovation in hope of boosting cloud biz Analysts argue path to success isn't a walk in the park, citing various reasons\nWITH the approval of IBM Corp's US$34 billion acquisition of Red Hat Inc on July 9 by government regulators, Big Blue's ambition to ramp up its cloud computing offerings just got better and bolder, according to its top technical executive in Asia.\nSpeaking in an exclusive interview with Digital News Asia (DNA), IBM Asia Pacific chief technology officer Prashant Pradhan (pic) said IBM needs to ensure that it has an open, hybrid, multi cloud strategy so that it can serve large enterprises that are not already on the cloud.\n\"If you look at Red Hat, a lot of the technologies that go into hybrid cloud including enterprise grade Linux, OpenShift, come from Red Hat,\" he told DNA. \"So it made a lot of sense that the enterprise hardened variants of those open technologies should be part of our [IBM's] portfolio so that we'll be in a much better position to serve our customers with hybrid cloud.\"\nOn Oct 29, 2018, Big Blue surprised the world by coughing up US$34 billion to acquire Red Hat, approximately US$190 per share in cash, a 63% premium to its closing share price on Oct 26.\nREAD ALSO: From Red to Blue: Analysts' views on IBM Red Hat takeover\nPrashant said to understand the rationale behind IBM's takeover of Red Hat, one has to realise the importance of hybrid cloud to today's enterprises. Claiming that only about 20% of the world's enterprise workloads are on the cloud, Prashant stressed that there is still a lot of room to onboard the other 80% onto the cloud.\n\"The answer to this is [in the] hybrid cloud because cloud is about getting the data and workloads to work in the right environment, be it private or public or both,\" he explained. \"And if you look at what technologies are creating the foundations that go into hybrid cloud, it is open source,\" he said, noting that the synergies between the two companies is what made the deal happen.\nAs an indication as to how committed IBM is to Red Hat's acquisition, the company has bet its future on using Red Hat's container technology OpenShift. A mere three weeks after the acquisition was completed, IBM announced that it has transformed its software portfolio \u2013 over 100 software products in all \u2013 to be cloud native, and is now optimised to run on OpenShift.\nContainers are a lightweight alternative to \u2013 and are touted as being more efficient than \u2013 full virtualisation. The aim of containers is to allow developers to write software more quickly and to be more agile in deployment over multi cloud environments. They are also much more portable and lightweight compared to virtual machines.\nKnown as Cloud Paks, IBM claimed that enterprises can now build mission critical applications once and run them on all leading public clouds, including Amazon Web Services , Microsoft Azure , Google Cloud Platform , Alibaba cloud and IBM Cloud and even on private clouds, the company said in a statement.\nIBM said Cloud Paks will be delivered as pre integrated solutions and the IBM certified and containerised software will provide a common operating model and common set of services \u2013 including identity management, security, monitoring and logging \u2013 and are designed to improve visibility and control across clouds together with a unified and intuitive dashboard.\nPrashant said from IBM's perspective, the computing giant wants to move as many of its clients onto an open, hybrid and multi cloud strategy. Practically, this means the deployment of enterprise grade software that is based on open standards, and that is according to specifications that clients choose, he added.\n\"If it's a digital front end, then it may be deployed in a public cloud. If it's core banking services, data and artificial intelligence services then perhaps its can be on a private cloud.\n\"This move [Cloud Paks] is a significant enhancement to [our cloud strategy since] our ability to scale this concept depends on having the right platform. That's why we've taken all our own software portfolio, refactored it to run on OpenShift, and this becomes the common standard through which we will offer our services.\"\nWill things change for Red Hat?\nWhen IBM's Rometty first made this announcement last year, she had then said the Red Hat takeover was a \"game changer\" as it changes everything about the cloud market.\n\"IBM would become the world's No 1 hybrid cloud provider, offering companies the only open cloud solution that will unlock the full value of the cloud for their businesses.\"\nInitially, there were fears that IBM will overrun the Raleigh, North Carolina based open source culture as it has always been dubbed as a \"Switzerland\" of the IT world \u2013 to be technology agnostic. Some analysts even argued that Big Blue doesn't have a mixed track record , at best, with previous mergers and acquisitions.\nOn May 7, DNA reported from Red Hat's annual Summit that IBM's largest acquisition to date will not change the nature of how Red Hat will operate.\nREAD ALSO: Red Hat will remain independent: IBM CEO\nThat said, the assurance by Rometty was still needed these past few months as the initial fears about change afoot in Red Hat still persisted , even after the deal was approved by regulators.\nWhen asked how the two companies would differentiate themselves from each other, Prashant echoed his CEO's views, noting that the two companies will continue running independently of each other. He added that IBM is already seeing fruits from the takeover through the birth of Cloud Paks.\n\"Red Hat is the pre eminent enterprise open source software provider and we have benefited from refactoring our software portfolio to give clients the option to move their mission critical workloads to the cloud, something they may have been hesitant to do in the past.\"\nPrashant also argued that IBM pledges not to interfere with Red Hat's approach to how it has always done business but instead will contribute by expanding its scope and reach, by giving the company greater access to many more markets because of IBM's enterprise pedigree.\nHe said IBM has a significant presence in the field where Red Hat can benefit from its technical sales and business sales in a bid to bolster its enterprise reach. Additionally, Prashant pointed out that Red Hat isn't fundamentally a services company although it may have some consultancy in certain niche areas.\n\"Red Hat doesn't engage in large system integration implementations, support and maintenance,\" he claimed. \"This is where IBM's global technology and global business services come in, as we will support Red Hat in this way.\"\nPrashant added that IBM and Red Hat will engage in joint account planning in order to find synergies when going to market.\n\"Our 'Synergy' programme involves go to market channel, account and technology planning,\" he said. \"The aim is to look holistically and incrementally [into our planning] so that we can add value to our approach to market.\"\nAnalysts weigh in\nSeveral analysts noted that the path to IBM's success with Red Hat isn't free from hurdles.\nIndependent technology strategist Shaun Connolly argued in an op ed on VentureBeat that the combination of Red Hat OpenShift is dependent on Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) CoreOS for its Kubernetes capabilities.\nConnolly believes that the tight coupling of OpenShift with RHEL effectively means it is competing head to head with the container services from Amazon (ECS/EKS), Azure (AKS), and Google (GKE).\nRather than enabling the rich value of OpenShift to ride atop any of these cloud container services, this full stack approach from IBM (and now Red Hat) with diminished choice is a two decade step backwards for today's developers, he argued is are closer than ever to being able to develop and deploy modern applications anywhere they choose.\n\"IBM/Red Hat appears to want to prescribe a monolithic stack of Red Hat products from top to bottom, all the way down to the operating system.\n\"Forcing OpenShift users to use Red Hat's Linux stack is a strategy to protect revenue This is a tectonic shift for IBM/Red Hat to navigate in their quest to be a credible cloud market contender. They will need the developer community on their side if they are to succeed.\"\nIn a television interview , Bloomberg Intelligence analyst Anurag Rana believes that it will take another year or so before IBM can realise the benefits of their synergies, and bolster IBM's top line growth for 2021.\nOn competition with other cloud players such as AWS, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud Rana said, \"IBM used to compete with these players but with Red Hat, IBM is kind of neutral and this will help customers move their workloads wherever they want.\"\nRana said as long as Red Hat remains independent from IBM, it'll actually help IBM's customers who may want to put their workloads with other cloud players.\nSo in the long run, this will help IBM will generate more revenue by selling more software and services to these clients, he said.\n\"For independence [to work], Red Hat sales team should not go and tell customers that it can help customers move to the cloud but that they must shift it IBM Cloud,\" he stressed, which would then be counterproductive.\nOn whether independence can be achieved, Rana was uncertain, noting that this has never been done before.\n\"But almost everything we have heard from press releases and the CEO [Rometty] points to the fact that this is the direction they are taking because if they don't, it's going to be very hard for them to be a good player in the cloud.\"\nMeanwhile, Tom Petrocelli, research fellow for Amalgam Insights told enterprise news portal ZDNet that there is still a valid concern that IBM will ruin Red Hat through a mix of internal politics and meddling.\n\"The short term effect on that will be on hiring and customer retention,\" he argued. \"Red Hat customers are a loyal bunch, but many are already looking at a plan B. Employees are nervous but holding on. Both groups are primed for flight. One wrong move by IBM and a lot of customers and employees will bolt.\"", "URL": "https://www.digitalnewsasia.com/business/takeover-done-ibm-aims-bolster-its-cloud-business-amidst-challenges"}, {"Title": "Cloud marks bright spot amid IBM's revenue woes", "Text": "IBM's cloud services revenue rose 11 per cent to US$5 billion in the third quarter Comments Credit: Dreamstime\nIBM's total quarterly revenue fell by 3.9 per cent to US$18.03 billion, missing analysts' average estimate of US$18.22 billion, according to IBES data from Refinitiv, but the company's cloud revenue is on the rise.\nIBM's latest quarterly results missed analysts' estimates for third quarter revenue on Wednesday, overshadowing a profit beat and sending its shares down 3 per cent in extended trading.\nThe Armonk, New York based technology services giant, which wrapped up the mega cloud merger with Linux maker Red Hat Inc earlier this year, has faced years of revenue declines in the process of shifting focus to the cloud from its traditional business.\nWhile total revenue fell, however, revenue from the company's cloud services, which are driving IBM's pivot away from established businesses including mainframe servers, rose 11 per cent to US$5 billion in the third quarter ended Sept. 30.\nAfter a down cycle, the company now expects a \"normal\" product cycle in the mainframe servers business during the fourth quarter, Chief Financial Officer James Kavanaugh said.\nCloud Focus\nGinni Rometty, IBM chief executive officer for more than seven years, has been able to steer the company towards fast growing cloud computing business and lower its dependence on its traditional hardware products, but not without a bumpy journey. The newer areas of focus have sometimes underwhelmed investors.\nWith the Red Hat deal, the company's biggest so far, IBM is looking to expand its subscription based software offerings to counter falling software sales.\nIBM has said that it would be limited to reporting only a portion of Red Hat's actual revenue for some quarters, but will report all of its expenses, as required by US accounting standards. Read more IBM and Vocus settle Census outage lawsuit\nThe company has also changed its reporting structure earlier this year. Its two biggest segments now are \"cloud and cognitive software\" and \"global technology services\".\nThe cloud and cognitive software unit, which includes Red Hat, reported a 6.4 per cent rise in revenue to US$5.28 billion.\nIBM's global technology services segment, the company's biggest, reported US$6.70 billion in revenue, down 5.6 per cent from a year earlier.\nNet income fell to US$1.67 billion, or US$1.87 per share, from US$2.69 billion, or US$2.94 per share, a year earlier.", "URL": "https://www.arnnet.com.au/article/667614/cloud-marks-bright-spot-amid-ibm-revenue-woes/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "VMware, Inc.", "intensity": 14.0, "score": 202537, "relationshipStrength": "Strong", "news": [{"Title": "Nutanix: There have always been losses. You know what's really fattening? Our subs", "Text": "Hyperconverged infrastructure purveyor Nutanix posted the biggest quarterly loss in its short history last night \u2013 but still got some love from Wall Street, with shares jumping 20 per cent in overnight trading.\nAfter two quarters of year on year revenue decline, Nutanix held steady, reporting a slight bump of 0.5 per cent to sales along with that $229.3m net loss, up 143 per cent compared to $94.3m a year ago.\nRevenues for Q1 of fiscal '20 ended 31 October were $314.8m compared to $313.3m a year ago. After several years of successive high growth quarters, this is Nutanix's third quarter in a row of no or slow growth.\nNutanix, if you remember, reported net losses of $379.6m in fiscal 2017, $297.2m for fiscal '18 and $621.2m for 2019. At the end of Q4, it had an accumulated deficit of $1.6bn.\nHowever, billings growth exceeded guidance; the loss was lower than expected; OEM sales through HPE are going well; and the market seemed happy, with shares up 20 per cent from $28.75 to $34.50.\nCEO Dheeraj Pandey emitted this Quote: : \"Our solid Q1 performance, particularly in the Americas, gives us confidence that we have the right formula for global sales leadership as demonstrated by improved productivity and sales hiring over the last six months. We have also seen momentum in key areas of our business, including the transition to subscription and an improved 28 per cent attach rate of new products onto our core HCI platform.\"\nIt's all about those cloudy subs Subscription billings were $276m, 73 per cent of the $380m total billings, up 41 per cent year on year. Its target is for 75 per cent of total billings be subscription based. Nutanix gained 780 new customers in the quarter, taking its total to 14,960 and a 30 per cent year on year growth rate. There were a record of 66 deals worth more than $1m, with nine deals worth more than $3m.\nNutanix is moving away from product licence sales towards subscription sales and these have a lower initial sales amount.\nPandey asserted that the subscription model \"paves the way for our long term profitability\".\nNutanix and VMware pretty much have a duopoly in hyperconverged infrastructure stakes, and both supply their software to run on commodity hardware. The market is becoming mature and the easy sales growth days are over.\nCustomers are adopting multi cloud strategies and Nutanix appears to be hoping that its subscription based products can have click based renewals with little or no direct human rep or channel involvement, lowering its costs.\nPandey said: \"If we get this right, it will immensely improve our profitability in the commercial mid market as most of the prospects would then be enabled with a digital touch and only the self selected ones would require a human touch.\n\"We've also done a thousand odd credit card transactions to sell our cloud services with zero human touch. Digital transactions are core to our future including for subscription renewal and eventually to our profitability.\"\nPandey alluded to sales problems getting fixed on an earnings call with analysts : \"The headline of the quarter was our continued momentum in execution across both sales and marketing... The Americas region delivered record high software and support... bookings this quarter.\"\nHe said he hopes Nutanix will have its products available in the Google Cloud Platform as they are in AWS and Azure. Amazon Outpost could also run Nutanix software.\nHe also singled out the partnership with HPE as delivering good sales progress, saying the firm had inked a \"nearly $2m deal in Q1 with a new customer, which is a large EMEA based insurance company\".\nSubscription billings and revenues are up. But the loss is large, the cash flow negative and growth flat.\nNutanix is in a long term competition with Dell's VMware for HCI on premises and in cloud sales and its path to profits lie in taking out cost. That means more OEM and public cloud partners. Snuggle up, cloudy folk.", "URL": "https://www.theregister.co.uk/2019/11/26/nutanix/"}, {"Title": "TierPoint Announces Cloud-to-Cloud Recovery with V", "Text": "TierPoint Announces Cloud to Cloud Recovery with VMware vCloud Availability julio 1, 2019 TierPoint Announces Cloud to Cloud Recovery with VMware vCloud Availability 2019 07 01T13:00: ST. LOUIS , July 1, 2019 /PRNewswire/ \u2014 TierPoint, a leading provider of secure, connected cloud, recovery, and data center solutions at the edge of the internet, today announced the general availability of its newest Disaster Recovery as a Service (DRaaS) offering, Cloud to Cloud Recovery with vCloud Availability.\nVMware's vCloud Availability is a unified solution built to offer simple, more secure, and cost effective onboarding, migration, and disaster recovery services for multitenant VMware clouds. TierPoint's Cloud to Cloud Recovery with vCloud Availability makes it easier for organizations of all sizes to protect their workloads from unexpected events.\n\u00abBeing one of a handful of providers that are first to market with this new capability underscores the strength of our industry leading DRaaS solutions portfolio,\u00bb said Rob Carter , TierPoint Senior Vice President of Product Development, Architecture and Engineering. \u00abOur customers and prospects are demanding more economical, secure, easier to use tools that help them protect and recover critical workloads, and this new service responds to that demand.\u00bb\nCloud based disaster recovery is one of the fastest growing industry segments for cloud services. VMware vCloud Availability gives cloud providers the ability to capitalize on this growth and deliver increased choice to end users. Additionally, as enterprises increasingly implement a hybrid cloud strategy, vCloud Availability provides an opportunity for cloud providers to deliver simple, integrated migration and onboarding services to the cloud and from cloud to cloud.\n\u00abCloud to Cloud Recovery based on VMware vCloud Availability allows TierPoint to offer robust business continuity to organizations of all sizes,\u00bb said Rajeev Bhardwaj , vice president of product management, cloud provider software business unit, VMware. \u00abTierPoint empowers companies to recover data quickly and avoid business outages when a man made or natural disaster strikes.\u00bb\nFor more information please visit bit.ly/vmw_draas and tierpoint.com/services/draas.\nAbout TierPoint\nTierPoint ( tierpoint.com ) is a leading provider of secure, connected data center and cloud solutions at the edge of the internet. The company has one of the largest customer bases in the industry, with thousands of clients ranging from the public to private sectors, from small businesses to Fortune 500 enterprises. TierPoint also has one of the largest and most geographically diversified footprints in the nation, with over 40 world class data centers in 20 U.S. markets and 8 multi tenant cloud pods, connected by a coast to coast network. Led by a proven management team, TierPoint's highly experienced IT professionals offer a comprehensive solution portfolio of private, multitenant, managed hyperscale, and hybrid cloud , plus colocation , disaster recovery , security , and other managed IT services.\nVMware, vCloud, and vCloud Availability are registered trademarks or trademarks of VMware, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other jurisdictions.\nContact: Pete Abel , 314 720 3129, Pete.Abel@tierpoint.com\n releases/tierpoint announces cloud to cloud recovery with vmware vcloud availability 300878210.html\nSOURCE TierPoint\n\u00ab Seminario Internacional sobre el sistema financiero verde de \u00c1frica Se realiz\u00f3 en Marruecos el Seminario Internacional sobre Ecologizaci\u00f3n del Sistema Financiero de \u00c1frica presentado en conjunto por la Universidad de Tsinghua y Casablanca Finance City \u00bb", "URL": "http://missourilatinonews.com/tierpoint-announces-cloud-to-cloud-recovery-with-vmware-vcloud-availability/"}, {"Title": "Rapid Increase in End-use Adoption to Boost Cloud Infrastructure Manage Tools Market Revenue Growth", "Text": "Computer & Technology Rapid Increase in End use Adoption to Boost Cloud Infrastructure Manage Tools Market Revenue Growth Persistence Market Research has announced the addition of the \" Cloud Infrastructure Manage Tools Market to Register Steady Expansion During 2016 \u2013 2024\" report to their offering.\nPR Inside.com: 2019 01 02 11:58:21 Cloud infrastructure manage tools includes software and technologies designed for operating and monitoring applications, data and services offered through the cloud. Cloud infrastructure manage tools assist cloud computing service providers to check cloud computing based resources are working efficiently and smoothly, interacting with users and other services. Cloud infrastructure manage tools performs numerous tasks including performance monitoring, security and compliance reviewing, and supervise the disaster recovery plans. The adoption of cloud computing services is growing day by day with the demand for private, public, and hybrid cloud. As traditional IT management tools are not sufficient to manage all these cloud models, this industry strongly witnesses need for cloud infrastructure manage tools. Cloud Infrastructure Manage Tools are used for one of the following service models of cloud computing Software as a Service (SaaS) Platform as a Service (PaaS) Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) Increasing demand for agility, scalability and cost effective solution is driving market for cloud computing services and in turn propelling the growth of the global infrastructure manage tools market. Cloud computing is creating new shift in IT model. Cloud computing facilitates organizations towards adopting IT as a service. IT as a service provide business organization a more agile framework and increase their efficiency, at the same time, IT as a service is a complex phenomenon and requires continuous monitoring. Cloud infrastructure manage tools provide continuous monitoring of this complex IT as a service environment. However, business organizations' technological needs are changing very frequently, and to cope with these rapidly changing technological advancements is quite tedious for cloud infrastructure manage tools. Request for Report Sample : www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/10499 Cloud Infrastructure manage tools market on the basis of cloud type: Public Cloud : Public cloud services are accessible for any organization. In this service model, service provider provide access to all computing need such as storage, server, and networking for any organization. Public cloud services may be free or offered pay per use model. Private Cloud : Companies that have very critical data which is susceptible to security related threat generally have their own cloud, in order to protect their data from external threat. Hybrid Cloud : Hybrid cloud is combination of public as well as private cloud and is used to perform distinct functions within the same organizations. Number of vendors such as VMware and HP have designed cloud infrastructure manage tools. Each tool uses a variety of methods to warn of impeding problems or send a red flag when certain problem occurs. North America is the largest market of cloud computing, hence poses huge opportunity for developer of cloud infrastructure manage tools.. Most of the developers of cloud infrastructure manage tools such as IBM Corporation, Microsoft Corporation are also headquartered in the U.S. and have large network of channel partners. European Cloud Computing Strategy (ECCS) is an Initiative established by the European Commission in Europe to promote the adoption of cloud computing services is likely to boost cloud infrastructure manage tools market. VMware, Inc., IBM Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, Cisco Systems, and CA Technologies are few of the leading players of global cloud infrastructure manage tools market. Request for Report TOC : www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/10499 Press Information", "URL": "http://www.pr-inside.com/rapid-increase-in-end-use-adoption-to-boost-cloud--r4719935.htm"}, {"Title": "VMWare - Cloud-Computing-Profiteur?", "Text": "auf Facebook teilen ) Antwort auf Beitrag Nr.: 59.582.399 von R BgO am 08.01.19 11:22:10 VMware Announces Per Share Dividend Amount and Payment Date for Previously Announced One Time Special Dividend *Payment date for previously announced $11bn one time special dividend is December 28, 2018 *Dividend amount is $26.81 per outstanding share of VMware common stock PALO ALTO, Calif., Dec. 28, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) VMware Inc. (NYSE:VMW) (\"VMware\"), a leading innovator in enterprise software, today announced that the payment date for VMware's $11 billion, conditional one time special dividend payable pro rata to all VMware stockholders (the \"Special Dividend\"), previously announced on July 2, 2018, is December 28, 2018 (the \"Payment Date\"). The Special Dividend is payable to all VMware stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 27, 2018 (the \"Record Date\"). Shares of VMware Class A common stock will trade with due bills following the Record Date through and including the Payment Date. The ex dividend date will be the first trading day following the Payment Date \u2013 December 31, 2018. US Federal Tax Treatment of the Special Dividend VMware currently estimates that, for U.S. federal tax purposes, 60.39% of the Special Dividend (or $16.19 per share) will be treated as a taxable dividend, with the other 39.61% of the Special Dividend (or $10.62 per share) being first treated as a return on capital to stockholders to the extent of their basis in VMware common stock, and then as capital gain. The tax treatment of the Special Dividend will be based on VMware's current and accumulated earnings and profits for VMware's 2019 fiscal year ending February 1, 2019 (\"FY19\"). The process of determining current and accumulated earnings and profits requires a final determination of VMware's financial results for FY19 and a review of certain other factors. The determination will be based in part on factors that are outside of the control of VMware and which cannot be ascertained at this time. VMware does not expect the calculation of the portion that will be treated as a taxable dividend for federal tax purposes to be finalized until after the completion of FY19. Accordingly, the portion of the Special Dividend estimated to be a taxable dividend provided in this release is based upon currently available information and is subject to change. VMware currently expects to update information on taxation of the Special Dividend later in calendar year 2019. The taxable dividend may be eligible for treatment as a qualified dividend for federal tax purposes depending on the holding period of the underlying stock and other personal tax matters. The precise tax impact of the dividend to specific stockholders depends upon the stockholder's individual tax situation. Stockholders are advised to consult with their personal tax advisors. The return of capital percentage on common stock dividends as reported on Form 8937 can be found on VMware's website at ir.vmware.com. The Form 8937 will be updated as necessary following the determination of VMware's financial results for FY19 and a review of certain other factors. 0", "URL": "https://www.wallstreet-online.de/diskussion/1155839-11-20/vmware-cloud-computing-profiteur"}, {"Title": "phoenixNAP Boosts Capabilities of its Data Security Cloud Solution", "Text": "phoenixNAP Boosts Capabilities of its Data Security Cloud Solution Share Article phoenixNAP improves its Data Security Cloud platform to allow for greater storage and performance efficiencies \"VMware Cloud Providers such as phoenixNAP are empowering organizations of different sizes with a simple and flexible path to the cloud that supports their growth, performance and security goals,\" said Jim Aluotto, senior director, Cloud Provider Business, Americas Region, VMware. PHOENIX phoenixNAP\u00ae, a global IT services provider offering security focused cloud infrastructure, dedicated servers, colocation, and specialized Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) technology solutions, today announced new delivery models and architecture enhancements of its Data Security Cloud (DSC) solution. Leveraging cutting edge technologies, phoenixNAP enabled greater agility of its secure cloud environment while further improving on its performance, backup, and management capabilities. Data Security Cloud is phoenixNAP's secure hosted multi tenant platform that uses strict virtualization and segmentation controls on powerful hardware to provide robust platform for sensitive workloads. The enhancements in the newest version include a new delivery model enabling organizations to choose between DSC Essentials and DSC Advanced platform. In addition to this, the solution will include a more flexible backup storage tiering option and improved threat management controls. Leveraging Veeam\u00ae backup technology, the improved Data Security Cloud includes cloud backups to the amount of 50 or 100 per cent of total storage volume, depending on the chosen plan. Both DSC Essentials and Advanced provide threat management capabilities such as 24/7 SOC, endpoint protection, threat risk intelligence, anti virus and vulnerability scanning, as well as vulnerability remediation and intelligence, behavioral analytics, and security posture report. \"The release of the enhanced Data Security Cloud is a new milestone in our journey towards the secure cloud,\" said Ian McClarty, President at phoenixNAP. \"The platform just got stronger and more robust, providing even greater protection for our clients' critical workloads. We are excited to present DSC Essentials and DSC Advanced to the world and provide organizations with a powerful security solution. Data Security Cloud is built to withstand any disaster scenario or security breach while the new capabilities make it easier to deploy and manage.\" The enhanced Data Security Cloud also includes all flash vSAN by VMware, which provides greater flexibility in terms of performance storage scaling. VMware vSAN is an industry leading Software Defined Data Center (SDDC) solution and a pioneer of hyper converged infrastructure (HCI). Integrated directly into DSC, it helps deliver intensive applications with lower latency and greater cost effectiveness. In addition to this, it provides an efficient performance storage option that is easily integrated into existing virtualized infrastructures, eliminating the need to purchase a traditional storage system and allowing for greater agility. As such, the solution is particularly convenient for demanding workloads such as gaming applications, high transaction databases, parallel distributed file systems, and mission critical applications. \"The enhancements to Data Security Cloud are designed to provide organizations with more flexibility and performance,\" said Jim Aluotto, senior director, Cloud Provider Business, Americas Region, VMware. \"VMware Cloud Providers such as phoenixNAP are empowering organizations of different sizes with a simple and flexible path to the cloud that supports their growth, performance and security goals.\" \"The all flash vSAN technology significantly expands the capabilities of our Data Security Cloud,\" said William Bell, Executive Vice President of Products at phoenixNAP. \"Using SSD flash disks for both cache tier and Capacity tier, it enables easier management of storage resources while ensuring advanced performance. With that capability inside of Data Security Cloud, our customers can maximize the use of their infrastructure. Coupled with a more flexible storage tiering option and improved resource management controls, all flash vSAN provides a more powerful cloud platform for sensitive and regulated workloads.\" Data Security Cloud is built for sensitive workloads to allow organizations operating under strict security and compliance standards to meet their goals. Based on VMware NSX, it provides advanced security options through microsegmentation and workload mobility options. Data Security Cloud users benefit from vSAN as it ensures lower latency and greater cost efficiency. Learn more about DSC Essentials and DSC Advanced here: https://phoenixnap.com/security/data security cloud VMware, VMware Cloud Provider, VMware, NSX and VMware vSAN are registered trademarks or trademarks of VMware, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other jurisdictions. phoenixNAP is a Premier Service Provider in the VMware\u00ae Cloud Provider Program and a Platinum Veeam\u00ae Cloud & Service Provider partner. phoenixNAP is also a PCI DSS Validated Service Provider and its flagship facility is SOC Type 1 and SOC Type 2 audited. About phoenixNAP phoenixNAP\u00ae is a global IT services provider with a focus on cyber security and compliance readiness, whose progressive Infrastructure as a Service solutions are delivered from strategic edge locations worldwide. Its cloud, dedicated servers, hardware leasing and colocation options are built to meet always evolving IT businesses requirements. Providing comprehensive disaster recovery solutions, DDoS protected global network, hybrid IT deployments with software and hardware based security, phoenixNAP fully supports its clients' business continuity planning. Offering scalable and resilient opex solutions with expert staff to assist, phoenixNAP supports growth and innovation in businesses of any size enabling their digital transformation. Visit https://phoenixnap.com and follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube for more information.\nShare article on social media or email:\nView article via:", "URL": "https://www.prweb.com/releases/phoenixnap_boosts_capabilities_of_its_data_security_cloud_solution/prweb16682276.htm"}, {"Title": "Nearly half of APAC enterprises are employing hybrid cloud without a formal strategy", "Text": "Nearly half of APAC enterprises are employing hybrid cloud without a formal strategy 18 Jan 19 Newsdesk\nNTT Communications Corporation (NTT Com), announced that 44 per cent of enterprises in Asia Pacific are going ahead with implementing a hybrid cloud without a formal strategy in place, according to a new 451 Research survey.\nThe survey \"Going Hybrid: Demand for Cloud and Managed Services Across Asia Pacific\", was commissioned by NTT Communications in partnership with VMware, Inc. and conducted in six countries (Australia, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand) in Q3 2018.\nIt analyses prevailing technology choices, service provider preferences, service priorities, and measures of hybrid cloud strategy and execution.\nMulti cloud has become the norm for most enterprises across Asia Pacific. Over 90 per cent of businesses surveyed have multiple cloud environments with varying degrees of interoperability, and more than half said they are already using a hybrid cloud.\nHowever, nearly 44 per cent have begun implementing hybrid cloud pilots without an overarching hybrid strategy in place.\n\"Alarmingly a significant portion of large enterprises lack a formal hybrid cloud strategy. While they recognise the potential benefits, they underestimate the technical complexity which may derail their business modernisation efforts if they do not have a future proof hybrid cloud plan,\" said Dave Scott, Solutions Director, NTT Communications Managed Services.\nThree different paths to hybrid cloud migration: cloud first, lift and shift, and refactor and shift\nEnterprises are found to be actively considering an off premises cloud as a critical component of their business modernisation strategy, while a hybrid cloud offers intermediary steps in their business transformation.\nThe survey found that more than half of enterprises primarily emphasise migrating workloads from their internal environments when deploying into a public cloud.\nHowever, there is no predominate approach to their cloud migration currently, 28 per cent are focused on a 'lift and shift' approach and another 28 per cent are refactoring before moving. Another third is focused on the public cloud for net new applications.\nIn terms of hybrid workload deployment plans, there is little uniformity across all the businesses. In the next two years, CRM/sales and marketing (49 per cent), database and data warehousing (48 per cent) and file and content storage (47 per cent) will be the key focus for workloads to be shifted to hybrid cloud environments, up from 25, 28 and 28 per cent respectively.\nThe strong traction indicates enterprises' growing confidence in hybrid cloud to support their full spectrum of business requirements and application portfolios. More:", "URL": "https://itbrief.com.au/story/nearly-half-of-apac-enterprises-are-employing-hybrid-cloud-without-a-formal-strategy"}, {"Title": "Nearly Half Of Asia Pacific Enterprises Are Proceeding On A Hybrid Cloud Pilot Without A Formal Strategy, NTT Communications Warns", "Text": "NTT Communications Corporation, the information and communications technology (ICT) solutions and international communications business within the NTT Group, announced that 44 percent of enterprises in Asia Pacific is going ahead with implementing a hybrid cloud without a formal strategy in place, according to a new 451 Research survey whitepaper.\nThe survey whitepaper \"Going Hybrid: Demand for Cloud and Managed Services Across Asia Pacific\", was commissioned by NTT Communications in partnership with VMware, Inc. and conducted in six countries (Australia, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand) in Q3 2018. It analyzes prevailing technology choices, service provider preferences, service priorities, and measures of hybrid cloud strategy and execution.\nMulti cloud has become the norm for most enterprises across Asia Pacific. Over 90 percent of businesses surveyed have multiple cloud environments with varying degrees of interoperability, and more than half said they are already using a hybrid cloud. However, nearly 44 percent have begun implementing hybrid cloud pilots without an overarching hybrid strategy in place.\n\"Alarmingly a significant portion of large enterprises lack a formal hybrid cloud strategy. While they recognize the potential benefits, they underestimate the technical complexity which may derail their business modernization efforts if they do not have a future proof hybrid cloud plan,\" said Dave Scott, Solutions Director, NTT Communications Managed Services.\nThree different paths to hybrid cloud migration: cloud first, lift and shift, and refactor and shift\nEnterprises are found to be actively considering an off premises cloud as a critical component of their business modernization strategy, while a hybrid cloud offers intermediary steps in their business transformation. The survey found that more than half of enterprises primarily emphasize migrating workloads from their internal environments when deploying into a public cloud. However, there is no predominate approach to their cloud migration \u2013 currently, 28 percent are focused on a 'lift and shift' approach and another 28 percent are refactoring before moving. Another third are focused on the public cloud for net new applications.\nIn terms of hybrid workload deployment plans, there is little uniformity across all the businesses. In the next two years, CRM/sales and marketing (49 percent), database and data warehousing (48 percent) and file and content storage (47 percent) will be the key focus for workloads to be shifted to hybrid cloud environments, up from 25, 28 and 28 percent respectively. The strong traction indicates enterprises' growing confidence in the hybrid cloud to support their full spectrum of business requirements and application portfolios.\nManaged services: course correction required for enterprises lacking a well thought out hybrid cloud and security strategy\nAnother key consideration to drive hybrid cloud migration is security and compliance, which 95 percent of enterprises rated as their top requirement. In addition, nearly half of respondents pointed to improvements in the consistency of security policies across environments and better management of risk \u2014 challenges that can emerge as businesses begin to employ multiple cloud environments.\nEnterprises embarking on a hybrid cloud strategy must ensure they build in security, but designing and applying security for hybrid cloud is challenging, and a task that is sometimes outside the capabilities of an organization's own security team. More than 50 percent of enterprises pointed to the fact that they use managed services at some point in their cloud journey.\nBeyond security, enterprises are also turning to managed services providers that support both the initial design and implementation of hybrid cloud, as well as its ongoing operation, to continually optimize workloads between various infrastructure environments for the best mix of performance, availability, security and cost.\n\"End to end managed services and compliant ready security management are increasingly becoming a strategy to future proof a company's business growth paths,\" Scott added.\nAll enterprises are at different stages in designing, implementing and operating their workloads or systems in a hybrid cloud environment. NTT Communications' Managed Services is well positioned to offer smart, reliable and secure IT solutions through their full spectrum of managed services. For instance, enterprises can immediately tap into NTT Communications' global resources and capabilities such as high speed networks, a global footprint of data centers and cloud services, with only a single contract and one service level agreement (SLA). CT Bureau", "URL": "https://www.communicationstoday.co.in/nearly-half-of-asia-pacific-enterprises-are-proceeding-on-a-hybrid-cloud-pilot-without-a-formal-strategy-ntt-communications-warns/"}, {"Title": "Nearly half of Asia Pacific enterprises are proceeding on a hybrid cloud pilot without a formal strategy, NTT Communications warns", "Text": "Nearly half of Asia Pacific enterprises are proceeding on a hybrid cloud pilot without a formal strategy, NTT Communications warns Jumat, 18 Januari 2019 08:42:00 Nearly half of Asia Pacific enterprises are proceeding on a hybrid cloud pilot without a formal strategy, NTT Communications warns Loading...\nHONG KONG, CHINA, 17 January 2019 NTT Communications Corporation (NTT Com), the information and communications technology (ICT) solutions and international communications business within the NTT Group (TYO: 9432), today announced that 44 per cent of enterprises in Asia Pacific are going ahead with implementing a hybrid cloud without a formal strategy in place, according to a new 451 Research survey whitepaper. The survey whitepaper \"Going Hybrid: Demand for Cloud and Managed Services Across Asia Pacific\", was commissioned by NTT Communications in partnership with VMware, Inc. and conducted in six countries (Australia, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand) in Q3 2018. It analyzes prevailing technology choices, service provider preferences, service priorities, and measures of hybrid cloud strategy and execution. Multi cloud has become the norm for most enterprises across Asia Pacific. Over 90 per cent of businesses surveyed have multiple cloud environments with varying degrees of interoperability, and more than half said they are already using a hybrid cloud. However, nearly 44 per cent have begun implementing hybrid cloud pilots without an overarching hybrid strategy in place. \"Alarmingly a significant portion of large enterprises lack a formal hybrid cloud strategy. While they recognize the potential benefits, they underestimate the technical complexity which may derail their business modernization efforts if they do not have a future proof hybrid cloud plan,\" said Dave Scott, Solutions Director, NTT Communications Managed Services. Three different paths to hybrid cloud migration: cloud first, lift and shift, and refactor and shift Enterprises are found to be actively considering an off premises cloud as a critical component of their business modernization strategy, while a hybrid cloud offers intermediary steps in their business transformation. The survey found that more than half of enterprises primarily emphasize migrating workloads from their internal environments when deploying into a public cloud. However, there is no predominate approach to their cloud migration currently 28 per cent are focused on a 'lift and shift' approach and another 28 per cent are refactoring before moving. Another third are focused on the public cloud for net new applications. In terms of hybrid workload deployment plans, there is little uniformity across all the businesses. In the next two years, CRM/sales and marketing (49 per cent), database and data warehousing (48 per cent) and file and content storage (47 per cent) will be the key focus for workloads to be shifted to hybrid cloud environments, up from 25, 28 and 28 per cent respectively. The strong traction indicates enterprises' growing confidence in hybrid cloud to support their full spectrum of business requirements and application portfolios. Managed services: course correction required for enterprises lacking a well thought out hybrid cloud and security strategy Another key consideration to drive hybrid cloud migration is security and compliance, which 95 per cent of enterprises rated as their top requirement. In addition, nearly half of respondents pointed to improvements in the consistency of security policies across environments and better management of risk challenges that can emerge as businesses begin to employ multiple cloud environments. Enterprises embarking on a hybrid cloud strategy must ensure they build in security, but designing and applying security for hybrid cloud is challenging, and a task that is sometimes outside the capabilities of an organization's own security team. More than 50 per cent of enterprises pointed to the fact that they use managed services at some point in their cloud journey. Beyond security, enterprises are also turning to managed services providers that support both the initial design and implementation of hybrid cloud, as well as its ongoing operation, to continually optimize workloads between various infrastructure environments for the best mix of performance, availability, security and cost. \"End to end managed services and compliant ready security management are increasingly becoming a strategy to future proof a company's business growth paths,\" Scott added. All enterprises are at different stages in designing, implementing and operating their workloads or systems in a hybrid cloud environment. NTT Communications' Managed Services is well positioned to offer smart, reliable and secure IT solutions through their full spectrum of managed services. For instance, enterprises can immediately tap into NTT Communications' global resources and capabilities such as high speed networks, a global footprint of data centers and cloud services, with only a single contract and one service level agreement (SLA). (*).", "URL": "https://riauone.com/global/Nearly-half-of-Asia-Pacific-enterprises-are-proceeding-on-a-hybrid-cloud-pilot-without-a-formal-strategy--NTT-Communications-warns"}, {"Title": "Nearly Half of Asia Pacific Enterprises proceeding on Hybrid Cloud Pilot without a Formal Strategy", "Text": "AI/Bots/ML Nearly Half of Asia Pacific Enterprises proceeding on Hybrid Cloud Pilot without a Formal Strategy Enterprises are also turning to managed services providers that support both the initial design and implementation of hybrid cloud Photo Credit : colombo.mc.gov.lk, eScan empowers enterprises with mobility management solutions\nNTT Communications Corp. (NTT Com) announced that 44 percent of enterprises in Asia Pacific are going ahead with implementing a hybrid cloud without a formal strategy in place, according to a new 451 Research survey whitepaper. The survey whitepaper \"Going Hybrid: Demand for Cloud and Managed Services Across Asia Pacific\", was commissioned by NTT Communications in partnership with VMware Inc., and conducted in six countries (Australia, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand) in Q3 2018. It analyzes prevailing technology choices, service provider preferences, service priorities, and measures of hybrid cloud strategy and execution.Multi cloud has become the norm for most enterprises across Asia Pacific. Over 90 percent of businesses surveyed have multiple cloud environments with varying degrees of interoperability, and more than half said they are already using a hybrid cloud. However, nearly 44 percent have begun implementing hybrid cloud pilots without an overarching hybrid strategy in place.\"Alarmingly a significant portion of large enterprises lack a formal hybrid cloud strategy. While they recognize the potential benefits, they underestimate the technical complexity which may derail their business modernization efforts if they do not have a future proof hybrid cloud plan,\" said Dave Scott, Solutions director, NTT Communications Managed Services. Three different paths to hybrid cloud migration: cloud first, lift and shift, and refactor and shift Enterprises are found to be actively considering an off premises cloud as a critical component of their business modernization strategy, while a hybrid cloud offers intermediary steps in their business transformation. The survey found that more than half of enterprises primarily emphasize migrating workloads from their internal environments when deploying into a public cloud. However, there is no predominate approach to their cloud migration currently 28 percent are focused on a 'lift and shift' approach and another 28 percent are refactoring before moving. Another third are focused on the public cloud for net new applications.In terms of hybrid workload deployment plans, there is little uniformity across all the businesses. In the next two years, CRM/sales and marketing (49 percent), database and data warehousing (48 percent) and file and content storage (47 percent) will be the key focus for workloads to be shifted to hybrid cloud environments, up from 25, 28 and 28 percent, respectively. The strong traction indicates enterprises' growing confidence in hybrid cloud to support their full spectrum of business requirements and application portfolios. Managed services: course correction required for enterprises Another key consideration to drive hybrid cloud migration is security and compliance, which 95 percent of enterprises rated as their top requirement. In addition, nearly half of respondents pointed to improvements in the consistency of security policies across environments and better management of risk challenges that can emerge as businesses begin to employ multiple cloud environments.Enterprises embarking on a hybrid cloud strategy must ensure they build in security, but designing and applying security for hybrid cloud is challenging, and a task that is sometimes outside the capabilities of an organization's own security team. More than 50 percent of enterprises pointed to the fact that they use managed services at some point in their cloud journey.Beyond security, enterprises are also turning to managed services providers that support both the initial design and implementation of hybrid cloud, as well as its ongoing operation, to continually optimize workloads between various infrastructure environments for the best mix of performance, availability, security and cost.\"End to end managed services and compliant ready security management are increasingly becoming a strategy to future proof a company's business growth paths,\" Scott added.All enterprises are at different stages in designing, implementing and operating their workloads or systems in a hybrid cloud environment. NTT Communications' Managed Services is well positioned to offer smart, reliable and secure IT solutions through their full spectrum of managed services. For instance, enterprises can immediately tap into NTT Communications' global resources and capabilities such as high speed networks, a global footprint of data centers and cloud services, with only a single contract and one service level agreement (SLA). Share this article:", "URL": "http://bwcio.businessworld.in/article/Nearly-Half-of-Asia-Pacific-Enterprises-proceeding-on-Hybrid-Cloud-Pilot-without-a-Formal-Strategy/22-01-2019-166359"}, {"Title": "Cloud Storage Market: Increasing Demand With Key Players", "Text": "by Cloud Storage Market: Increasing Demand With Key Players\nCloud Storage Market is expected to reach $97,415 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 24.8% from 2016 to 2022. Cloud storage is a complete solution package offered by cloud storage providers such as Amazon Web Service, Inc., IBM Corporation, VMware, Inc., and many others to maintain, manage, and store all kind of data in a private or public data center, which is accessible through the Internet from multiple locations. Cloud provides easy access to data and security to all user types including large and small and medium enterprises.\nThe global cloud storage market is analyzed across North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and LAMEA. Major cloud computing providers offer cloud storage solutions across all developed and developing regions including North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. However, several underdeveloped regions such as Latin America, Middle East, and Africa with low ICT investment gradually adopt cloud storage solutions.\nThe global cloud storage market is segmented into private, public, and hybrid models based upon deployment mode. Hybrid model is a combination of both private and public deployment modes, which enables the users to control cloud space as per privacy requirement. In addition, the market includes several industry verticals such as Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI), government and education, healthcare, telecommunication & IT, retail, manufacturing, media & entertainment, and others. The scope for others segment in industry vertical includes business and professional services, logistics & transportation, and construction.\nDownload report sample at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request sample/2141?utm_source=as_opr\nThe global market for cloud storage industry was valued at $21,175 million in 2015, and is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 24.8% to reach $97,415 million by 2022. Growth in demand for low cost data storage, backup, and data protection augments the growth of the cloud storage market among several user groups including small, medium, and large enterprises. In addition, several industry verticals such as BFSI, retail, healthcare, and public sector with a large customer base tend to store critical business information of stakeholders in cloud storage, owing to data privacy and client information, which in turn augment the global cloud storage market growth.\nBased on component type, the global cloud storage market is segmented into two types, namely, software, and service. The major factors that influence the cloud storage solutions market is high level of cost savings on total cost of ownership and increase in need for data backup and protection by several user types including small, medium, and large enterprises. In the recent years, cloud storage providers are promoting cloud solutions across various geographical regions including North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and others to augment cloud adoption. Managed services are estimated to experience the highest growth rate during the forecast period as these services help reduce the time and cost linked with optimizing the system in the initial phase of deployment.\nKey players profiled in the report are Amazon Web Services, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, IBM Corporation, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP, Google, Inc., VMware, Inc., Oracle Corporation, EMC Corporation, Rackspace Hosting, Inc., and Red Hat, Inc. The report discusses the key strategies adopted by the companies in addition to the current trends, upcoming opportunities, and restraints in the market growth, with detailed information about their impacts.", "URL": "http://www.webnewswire.com/2019/01/16/cloud-storage-market-increasing-demand-with-key-players/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "3e Company Environmental, Ecological and Engineering", "industry": "Professional Services", "segment": "Enterprise", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Amazon Web Services, Inc.", "intensity": 104.0, "score": 104408, "relationshipStrength": "Strong", "news": [{"Title": "Article: Service Catalog and Kubernetes", "Text": "Service Catalog and Kubernetes Cloud native applications do not just live inside Kubernetes\u2014they also benefit from using the available cloud managed services. Similar to Kubernetes' declarative object configuration model, the Open Service Broker API with the Service Catalog provides a declarative way to describe cross platform/cross cloud managed service dependencies. Is 2019 the Year Agile Transformation Finally Works? Dave West talks about what Agile adoption and Agile Transformations may look like in 2019, considering factors like the economy, the role of management, the importance of organizations being people centric and how value streams should be inclusive of all elements to deliver value QCons from around the world QCon Feb 04, 2019 8 min read by Kubernetes declarative object configuration model is one of the most interesting features of the orchestrator Users of Kubernetes usually need to use cloud managed services in their applications The Service Catalog is a declarative Kubernetes API extension to discover and use cloud managed services The Service Catalog implements the Open Service Broker API, a standard specification to define services Azure, AWS and GCP have Service Broker implementations for their services\nIn the past few years the terms cloud native infrastructure and cloud native applications have been widely used to describe a new software paradigm that focuses on infrastructure and applications designed, implemented and deployed with the idea that they will be using the different technologies offered by public or private cloud providers. These applications will often follow a microservices architecture, might be packaged as containers and will use some of the managed services from these clouds, like object storage, databases or pub sub queues.\nAs more and more of these applications get packaged as containers, they get deployed to a container orchestrator. Kubernetes has quickly become one of the most popular container orchestrators in this new cloud native world.\nOne reason for Kubernetes' success is its declarative object configuration model. In this model, the developer or the cluster administrator uses Kubernetes objects descriptions to describe the state they want to see in the cluster, and Kubernetes will perform the needed actions to move from its current state to the requested state. This is done instead of sending imperative actions to the Kubernetes API to tell it what to do. This allows Kubernetes to \"auto heal\" if something breaks (for example, if a pod crashes). Kubernetes will realize that its current state is not the same as the requested state and will again perform the needed actions to get back to that requested state. Related Vendor Content Leveraging a Winning API Management Strategy for Digital Transformation Related Sponsor WSO2 is the world's #1 open source integration vendor, helping digitally driven organizations become integration agile. Try our products for free.\nHowever, cloud native applications do not just live inside Kubernetes; they also benefit from using the available cloud managed services. By using cloud managed services for their applications, developers can focus on the area of their application that provides business value and leverage the required infrastructure components of the cloud vendors. When combining Kubernetes services with cloud managed services, it's beneficial to keep the same declarative model and be able to describe your full application, including the services it depends on, as a set of Kubernetes objects.\nThe community has been looking for a solution to this cross platform/cross cloud problem since the beginning of the Kubernetes project. The Open Service Broker API with the Service Catalog is one of the solutions with a wider adoption. Open Service Broker API and Service Catalog\nThe Open Service Broker API (OSBAPI) is a standard specification for cloud providers to define services and provide a common API to access and manage those services. OSBAPI was originally defined for the Cloud Foundry, but soon was backed by the Kubernetes and Openshift projects. It is currently maintained by a project committee with members from different companies. The Service Catalog is a Kubernetes API extension that implements this standard. The project is a Kubernetes incubator project and its API is currently in version v1beta1.\nThe API defines a set of classes to describe a service provider and the different services it provides. It also defines objects to connect Kubernetes applications to the different service instances. Service Broker\nThis object defines a service provider. The Service Catalog only defines the Kubernetes object, not the implementation of the broker itself, which will depend on the service provider. The definition of the object only requires an endpoint to talk to the broker and some authorization information to be able to connect to that URL. Service Class\nThis object abstracts the idea of a service. For example, Azure MySQL would be one of these Service Classes if the Azure broker is deployed in the cluster. A Service Broker will provide one or more of these classes for the users of the cluster. Service Plan\nA service offered by a public cloud provider usually has several tiers. For example, tiers could include a small instance with just one CPU core and 1GB of RAM, which would be ideal for developing and testing, and a bigger instance with four cores and 16GB of RAM, which would be suited for a production environment. Each Service Class will have one or many Service Plans. Service Instance\nWhen an application requires a particular service (database, object storage, etc.), it can request from the Service Broker an instance of a specific Service Plan by creating a Service Instance object. The Service Catalog controller will then talk to the Service Broker endpoint to provision a new instance of the service. Service Binding\nThis object abstracts the action of connecting an application to the Service Instance. Once a Service Binding is requested, the Service Broker will return a new Service Binding and a Kubernetes Secret with the connection information, which can be used by the application to connect to the service. Current Status\nService Catalog is a Kubernetes incubation project, currently on version 0.1.38, with an API version v1beta1. These version numbers explain the unstable nature of the project, currently managed by a Kubernetes Special Interest Group (SIG). The project is still under heavy development and the project's Kubernetes controller is not yet stable, crashing often and leaving the API server in a state that can't be easily recovered.\nWhen the Service Catalog project was started, Kubernetes didn't have the concept of Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs), which is a way to extend the Kubernetes API without having to write your own API server. The Service Catalog, instead, implements an aggregated API server, which requires writing an API server from scratch and maintaining its code. Using CRDs would allow the Service Catalog to only own the Controller implementation and to benefit from the implementation improvements of the general API machinery and the CRDs tools. Currently, the Service Catalog SIG is discussing internally whether to migrate the project to CRDs before moving the API to a stable version.\nIn terms of support from the major public clouds, the Service Catalog receives contributions from Azure, IBM, Google and others. Apart from contributing to the core project, some of the major public clouds have implemented a Service Broker for their cloud services, following the Open Service Broker API: Azure. Azure maintains a Service Broker for Kubernetes that runs as a service directly in your Kubernetes cluster. Their Service Broker is actively maintained and well documented. It supports several Azure services, from databases to IoT Event Hubs. GCP. Google also has its own implementation of a Service Broker for its GCP services. The documentation includes a set of examples to get started. AWS. Amazon Web Services offers an AWS Service Broker compatible with Kubernetes, Openshift and Cloud Foundry. The implementation is still fairly new and it is not yet well documented. Future and Alternatives\nThe Open Service Broker API / Service Catalog has the potential to become a well supported standard to deploy multi cloud services from Kubernetes following a declarative model with an extension to the Kubernetes API. The OSBAPI is governed by an independent project management committee and the Service Catalog project is governed by a SIG, part of the Kubernetes project, and gets contributions from developers from IBM, Azure, Google and others. Despite this, it has been more than a year and a half since its first release and it hasn't been widely adopted. These are some of the reasons why and how the community is trying to overcome these limitations.\nOne of the reasons the Service Catalog doesn't currently work for a true multi cloud solution is that the way to connect to the services depends on the implementation of the Service Broker and the specific service. For example, the schema of the secret that gets created when binding an Azure MySQL instance will be different from the schema of the secret that gets created when binding a Google Cloud SQL instance. Because of these two different schemas, a developer won't be able to write their application so it connects to a generic Service Catalog MySQL instance (and decides later which cloud to use) or to migrate easily from one cloud to another without having to rewrite their Kubernetes manifests. Acknowledging this limitation, a different SIG (called SIG Apps \u2014 the group that defines how to deploy and manage applications in Kubernetes) has presented a Kubernetes Enhancement Proposal (KEP) called Portable Service Definitions. This KEP tries to provide a means to define a common way to request external services \u2014 for example, a MySQL database. This definition would be common to any MySQL service, without taking into account which cloud provides the service. Using this feature, a developer would be able to write their application knowing that it will require an external MySQL instance, but without needing to know beforehand which cloud will provide the service.\nAnother issue is the stability of the Service Catalog API server and its Controller. As discussed previously, the API server and its Controller are currently fairly unstable. The Service Catalog community is discussing moving to CRDs, which will probably delay the stable release even further as it will require almost a full rewrite. However, this will be beneficial in the long term as Kubernetes is investing more and more in CRDs and tools around those.\nThe different implementations of the Service Brokers, each of which is managed and owned by a different set of developers, also makes it difficult for developers to use them without having to learn each of the different brokers, with their different implementations and documentation. Some communities outside Kubernetes are creating projects with a similar goal: provide a declarative API to request and manage services outside Kubernetes. One of these projects, Crossplane , offers a common API to request services, without having to take into account the provider for that service. The developers can define their applications as requiring a type of service without needing to know which cloud is providing that service. This will be decided by the cluster administrator when deploying one or many cloud providers into the cluster. Conclusion\nThe Service Catalog in Kubernetes needs to overcome some of its current limitations before being widely adopted and used safely in production. In the meantime, other projects inside and outside the Kubernetes community are being created either as complements or competitors to the Service Catalog and the Open Service Broker API. About the Author\nAra Pulido is an engineering manager with more than 10 years of experience working with open source companies. Currently, she manages the Kubernetes and Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) teams at Bitnami. She is a certified Kubernetes administrator. Rate this Article", "URL": "https://www.infoq.com/articles/service-catalog-kubernetes"}, {"Title": "Cloud platform Packet opens KC office after $25M funding round in New York", "Text": "Home Education Cloud platform Packet opens KC office after $25M funding round in New York Cloud platform Packet opens KC office after $25M funding round in New York March 14, 2019 George Karidis, Jacob Smith, Zachary Smith, and Ihab Tarazi\nN ew York based Packet's newly established Kansas City office is expected to take full advantage of the area's wealth of tech talent, said Ihab Tarazi.\n\"There is actually a very good technical base in Kansas City \u2014 so here's validation of that,\" said Tarazi, chief technology officer at the cloud infrastructure firm committed to \"building a better Internet. \" Packet team\n\"Technology and software is becoming location agnostic more and more just because of the power of automation,\" he said. \"The tools for collaboration are developing so much that we could really take advantage of a team in a place like Kansas City.\"\nAn alternative to such rivals as Amazon Web Services and Rackspace, Packet is expected to recruit heavily from schools like the University of Kansas, and to supply internship opportunities to tap skill sets at the collegiate level,\" he added.\nClick here to learn more about Packet.\nThe Kansas City location joins four other Packet offices \u2014 New York, Palo Alto, Dallas and Manila \u2014 previously established since the firm was founded by Zachary Smith and Jacob Smith in 2014, said Tarazi.\nThe firm's $25 million Series B round finalized in September 2018 \u2014 led by heavy hitters like Softbank, Samsung, and Dell Technologies Capital \u2014 paving the way for the Palo Alto and Kansas City offices, he added.\nPacket's move into Kansas City establishes the startup as the only cloud provider in the area with a software engineering footprint, said Josue Lopez, engineering manager at Packet who also is guiding the KC office, noting that other area cloud players only implemented representatives and sales teams \u2014 not a full force.\nBecoming ingrained within the KC community remains a high priority, he said, noting the firm is expected to implement meetups starting in April featuring guest speakers from Silicon Valley and other ecosystems.\n\"We'll bring in technical skills and knowledge even for people who don't work for us to share it with the community,\" added Tarazi. \"That's our commitment to the community.\"\nClick here to browse Packet's KC office career options.\n\"We're trying to come and be a part of the community just as much as we want to community to be a part of us,\" added Lopez. \"It just makes a lot of sense that we would be able to create this center of excellence here in Kansas City.\" Facebook Comments", "URL": "https://www.startlandnews.com/2019/03/packet-kc-office/"}, {"Title": "Game Boy nostalgia- New handheld gaming system from Portland company to debut in 2020 GeekWire", "Text": "An official press asset for Panic's new handheld system, the Playdate. (Panic Photo)\nGame Boy nostalgia, anyone?\nPortland, Ore. based software company Panic just announced , to the surprise of many, the imminent release of a new handheld video game console.\nThe Playdate is a small device with a 2.7 inch, black and white LCD screen planned to ship at an initial price of $149. It's made in conjunction with the Swedish firm Teenage Engineering , and will be sold directly via Panic itself in 2020, with pre orders beginning in 2019.\nSurprise is a key element of the Playdate, with its software library is made up of a gradual series of time released exclusives. Playdate owners will have access to a subscription gaming service; every week after the device's debut in stores, a new original game is planned to be released for it, \"delivered over the air,\" and intended to always be a surprise. One has already been revealed: Crankin's Time Travel Adventure , from Japanese developer Keita Takahashi, known for Katamari Damacy, which was recently remastered for Windows and the Switch.\nOther developers confirmed to have games on the Playdate include Zach Gage ( SpellTower ), Bennett Foddy ( Getting Over It , that bizarre physics puzzle game that every Let's Player on the Internet did a video on in 2017), and Shaun Inman ( The Last Rocket ). The plan is for each week's new game to come as a total surprise to the system's owners, with no telling what they'll end up getting.\nThe Playdate features a standard control pad and two input buttons, as well as an analogue crank built into the right side of the device. Described as a \"flip out rotational controller,\" it does not, in fact, power the unit. Instead, it's made to be used with a few of the system's games as a unique control method.\nThe forthcoming issue of Edge magazine contains an exclusive cover story on the Playdate, containing the details of its five year long production cycle. Introducing Playdate, a new handheld gaming system from Panic.\nIt fits in your pocket. It's got a black and white screen. It includes a season of brand new games from amazing creators. Oh and there's a crank???? https://t.co/WiIPUkpjSq\nYes. A thread pic.twitter.com/47BwSOtiiP\n\u2014 Playdate (@playdate) May 22, 2019\nPanic has been making software for decades, including award winning MacOS applications such as Coda, Transmit, and Prompt. It recently branched out into video game publishing with 2016's Firewatch , a narrative game by the now Valve owned, Washington based Campo Santo. Panic's next title is the Australian stealth humor adventure, Untitled Goose Game, scheduled for release later this year on Windows, Mac, and Nintendo Switch.\nPanic's decision to release the Playdate came out of a desire to try more new things, such as hardware development, just for the fun of it. But there was another thing we'd never done. A thing that we figured would be harder than any thing we've ever done. But something that would stretch our skills and help us grow.\nHardware.\n\u2014 Playdate (@playdate) May 22, 2019\nAt $149, the Playdate ships at nearly twice the price of a brand new Nintendo 3DS, though it also comes with its own 12 strong launch lineup for no additional cost.\nIts deliberate retro appeal \u2014 black and white one bit games in 2020? \u2014 is going to make it an interesting pickup for collectors and enthusiasts, but any handheld system in this market is facing an uphill battle.\nIn previous hardware generations, Nintendo's hammerlock on the portable gaming space, courtesy of the Game Boy, would repel all challengers. Now, anyone releasing a portable system has to basically ask a user whether they're willing to carry around a second device besides their smartphone.\nStill, Panic seems to be getting into this just for the sheer hell of it, and there's a certain infectious enthusiasm to their approach that's respectable. With a new Takahashi game on the system, I definitely want to get hold of a Playdate \u2014 but how about you? Will you buy the device? Let us know in the comments. Thomas Wilde has been working as a journalist and editor in the gaming press since 2002, most notoriously as the editor for DoubleJump Books. He has personally won World War II 47 separate times. Follow him on Twitter @stolisomancer. GeekWire Cloud Summit: AI/ML, DevOps, Cloud Migration & more\nHear from Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott, Amazon Web Services exec Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec, T Mobile CIO Cody Sanford, Slack co founder and CTO Cal Henderson, the creators of Kubernetes and many others at the GeekWire Cloud Summit. Plus, it's a great value!\nStay current on the latest cloud computing trends with in depth tracks on AI/ML, DevOps, Business of the Cloud and Cloud Migration.", "URL": "https://www.geekwire.com/2019/goliath-meet-david-new-handheld-gaming-system-portland-company-debut-2020/"}, {"Title": "Google acquires data migration specialists in cloud push", "Text": "Google acquires data migration specialists in cloud push Google acquires data migration specialists in cloud push Alooma helps enterprise companies streamline database migration in the cloud Comments Credit: Dreamstime\nGoogle will buy data migration company Alooma, as part of efforts to catch up with bigger cloud service rivals Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft.\nThe tech giant trails both AWS and Microsoft in the fast growing business of helping companies move to the cloud, with Google Cloud holding 8.5 per cent of worldwide cloud market share at the end of 2018, according to Canalys.\nMeanwhile, AWS had a 31.7 per cent share and Microsoft Azure 16.8 per cent during the same period, the market research firm said.\nHeadquartered in Redwood City, California, Alooma helps enterprise companies streamline database migration in the cloud with a tool that enables moving data from multiple sources to a single data warehouse.\nThe company has raised about $15 million from investors including leading venture funds such as Sequoia Capital and Lightspeed, according to Crunchbase.\n\"One of the things we're most excited about with Alooma is the deep expertise for both enterprise and open source databases that their team brings to Google Cloud, which will be critical in helping us build out additional migration capabilities within Google Cloud Platform,\" said Amit Ganesh, vice president of engineering at Google Cloud.\n\"We're also looking forward to adding to our growing Google Cloud footprint in Israel, which includes the Velostrata team we added last summer.\"\nGoogle in November hired former Oracle product head Thomas Kurian as the chief executive officer of the cloud division.\nGoogle did not disclose terms of the deal.", "URL": "https://www.arnnet.com.au/article/657928/google-acquires-data-migration-specialists-cloud-push/"}, {"Title": "Why Software Giants Like Adobe Are Slaughtering Manufacturers Like 3M", "Text": "For more than a century, 3M has helped companies build better products and work smarter. But lately, the Minnesota Post it\u00ae maker has been showing its age. In April, the maker of industrial adhesives, abrasives, coatings and other real world, value added goods reported dismal financial results. Demand slackened at four out of its five divisions.\nSignage stands outside the 3M Co. Cottage Grove Center in Cottage Grove, Minnesota, U.S., on Thursday, Oct. 18, 2018. 3M's Cottage Grove factory had been churning out some varieties of Per and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) since the 1950s for the water and stain repellant Scotchgard. Recent studies have linked widely used PFAS to reduced immune response and cancer. As awareness spreads, 3M has been named in dozens of lawsuits, several this year alone. The company said the chemicals aren't a danger to public health. Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg\n\u00a9 2018 Bloomberg Finance LP Companies are doing more with less. They are reimagining their businesses with software.\nAnd 3M can't hold it together in the face of formidable competitors that have already mastered the new cloud services based world we are in.\nIn the official corporate press release , 3M managers noted weak demand in its Electronics and Energy, Safety and Graphics, and Industrial divisions resulted in a 5% decline in quarterly sales, to $7.9 billion. And the weakness extended across all geographies.\n3M is a long way from its humble Midwestern roots. The company began in 1892 when a butcher, a doctor, a lawyer and two railroad executives started a mining and manufacturing company in Two Harbors, Minn. Back then, they hoped to make grinding wheels from minerals mined at a nearby quarry.\nToday, the old Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company is officially 3M. Its 97,000 employees are strewn out over 200 countries. A rich history of engineering research and development is responsible for 100,000 patents. The company is adding about 3,000 new patents each year.\nYou would think that would be enough to maintain heady growth, but sales peaked in 2014.\nIt was about the same time corporate culture began to change. Companies started doing more with less actual stuff. Workflows migrated to the cloud. Data analytics and digital strategies moved from slick presentation decks to reality.\nSatya Nadella became CEO at Microsoft in spring 2014. It was a rebirth for the Redmond, Wash., software giant. Nadella, a fast rising star at Azure, the company's cloud computing division, was intent on changing focus at the Windows company.\nHis first order of business, according to a CNBC story , was to elevate the cloud business.\nAmazon Web Services pioneered pay as you go cloud computing. Its versatility quickly attracted large enterprises. Netflix , for example, transformed itself from a mail order DVD rental business into a global streaming media empire.\nEvery line of code is built atop AWS.\nNadella knew Microsoft could compete. He saw a new business hiding in plain sight.\nLast week, on the very day 3M managers were grousing about weak demand, Nadella boasted near insatiable demand at Azure \nSales, including its cloud based Office productivity suite, hit $38.5 billion , an increase of 73% year over year.\nCompanies of every size are moving their workflows to Azure, and then building new business models around data analytics.\nFor many, the migration is existential. They know they can't survive by simply making their existing products shinier or brighter. They need to embrace digital strategies before their competitors. They need to keep customers and find new ones.\nVolkswagen, for example, extended its relationship with Azure in February. The German automaker is working with Microsoft on a connected car platform so future vehicles can relay information about weather, traffic and route closures.\nThe network will also allow Volkswagen to create value added services like personalization, streaming media, automated parking and charge capabilities for electric vehicles.\nThese new businesses are all made possible by collecting, processing and analyzing digital information in the Azure cloud.\nInvestors need to be aware this process is underway. They also need to understand the benefits will reach far beyond public cloud providers like Azure.\nA vibrant new ecosystem of cloud based services is budding. Empires are flowering. In contrast, the 3Ms of the world are hollowing out.\nMost investors still think of Adobe Systems as a simple software publisher. Its Photoshop and Acrobat applications dominate creative and online publishing.\nHowever, the San Jose, Calif., company has another important business in digital marketing \nIts Adobe Experience platform helps businesses collect, build and analyze digital marketing campaigns. It is a reliable source of revenue, contributing to overall sales of $9 billion in fiscal 2018, a 23.5% increase year over year.\nIn March, Adobe and Microsoft announced plans to share data across the Experience Cloud of Marketo Engage, a marketing automation company acquired by Adobe in September 2018, Microsoft Dynamics for Sales, and LinkedIn, the business social media platform.\nThe combination creates a formidable rival to Salesforce , the industry leader in customer relationship management software.\nCustomer relationship management software is considered the tip of the digital spear for large enterprises. It allows them to manage and service existing customers, and identify new sales leads, all in one suite.\nData analytics, with a dollop of artificial intelligence, show what's working and what's not, and why.\nAdobe shares trade at 24.7x forward earnings. While this is certainly not cheap, enterprises are only in the early middle innings of the shift away from physical value added strategies toward digital campaigns.\nAdobe's stock price could reach $414 during the next three years, up from their current price at $286.50. This projection is based solely on middle 20% growth rates for sales and income. That would be a nice 44.5% gain from here. Not bad for three years' time with a stock that's already trading in the triple digits.", "URL": "https://www.forbes.com/sites/jonmarkman/2019/05/17/why-software-giants-like-adobe-are-slaughtering-manufacturers-like-3m/"}, {"Title": "Seattle startup led by former VMware execs raises $4.7M for \u2018machine-learning-in-a-box\u2019 service \u2013 GeekWire", "Text": "GeekWire Cloud Summit, 6/5: Register here! Tignis co founders Matt McLaughlin and Jon Herlocker. (Tignis Photos)\nA Seattle startup led by former VMware execs that sells machine learning as a service has raised $4.7 million in a round led by Chris Rust of Clear Ventures.\nTignis sells what it describes as \"machine learning in a box\" to help manufacturers, utility companies and smart buildings monitor and improve their operations.\nThis is the second round of financing following an initial investment last year and brings the startup's total amount raised to $7.3 million. In addition to Rust, the company's other investors include former VMware CEO Paul Maritz, Harek Kodesh of Silver Lake Partners, and Ashmeet Sidana of Engineering Capital.\nTignis uses the data generated by edge computing devices to help its customers improve performance, detect real time problems and predict when issues might occur. The idea is to give companies the benefits of machine learning tools without the need to invest in their own technology.\nThis is also a big part of Microsoft's cloud computing strategy, which emphasizes \"the intelligent edge\" as a pivotal part of the future of distributed computing. Manufacturers and farmers are interested in using edge computing devices to detect and respond to problems across far flung locations, which generates a ton of data from which machine learning experts can divine insights.\nCEO Jon Herlocker co founded Tignis after leaving virtualization software company VMware, where he was vice president and CTO of the company's cloud management business unit. Fellow co founder and chief operating officer Matt McLaughlin was VMware's director of engineering.\nTignis has nine employees. The company's board of directors includes Maritz, Rust and Herlocker. Kodesh, Sidana and former Dell EMC executive Russ Stockdale are on Tignis' advisory board.\nVMware has several Seattle area connections. The software giant is growing its Bellevue, Wash. satellite office \u2014 as are plenty of other out of town tech companies \u2014 and has acquired local startups such as Heptio and Cloud Coreo in recent years. Maritz was also a longtime Microsoft employee before becoming CEO of VMware in 2008.\nBefore its acquisition by Dell in 2016, EMC acquired VMware in 2004. EMC also acquired Seattle startup Isilon in 2010. Seattle based journalist James Thorne is an NYU business and economics journalism grad who has written for publications including Reuters, CNBC, and Financial Planning. Follow him on Twitter @jamescthorne. GeekWire Cloud Summit: AI/ML, DevOps, Cloud Migration & more\nHear from Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott, Amazon Web Services exec Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec, T Mobile CIO Cody Sanford, Slack co founder and CTO Cal Henderson, the creators of Kubernetes and many others at the GeekWire Cloud Summit. Plus, it's a great value!\nStay current on the latest cloud computing trends with in depth tracks on AI/ML, DevOps, Business of the Cloud and Cloud Migration.", "URL": "https://www.geekwire.com/2019/seattle-startup-led-former-vmware-execs-raises-4-7m-machine-learning-box-service/"}, {"Title": "Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Global Market 2019-2025: Amazon Web Services, Alphabet, Microsoft, IBM", "Text": "Published Wed, Apr 10th 2019 Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Global Market 2019 2025: Amazon Web Services, Alphabet, Microsoft, IBM\nWiseguyreports.Com Publish New Market Research Report On \"Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Market Global Analysis, Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2019 2025\"\nPosted via Industry Today. Follow us on Twitter @IndustryToday Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Market 2019This report focuses on the global Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services status, future forecast, growth opportunity, key market and key players. The study objectives are to present the Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services development in United States, Europe and China.The key players covered in this study Amazon Web Services Inc Request Free Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample request/3913077 global public cloud application infrastructure services market size Market segment by Type, the product can be split into Large Enterprise Market segment by Application, split into Government Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States Central & South AmericaThe study objectives of this report are: To analyze global Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services status, future forecast, growth opportunity, key market and key players. To present the Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services development in United States, Europe and China. To strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their development plan and strategies. To define, describe and forecast the market by product type, market and key regions. Table of Contents \u2013Analysis of Key Points1 Report Overview 1.4 Market Analysis by Type 1.4.1 Global Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Market Size Growth Rate by Type (2014 2025) 1.4.2 Large Enterprise 1.5.1 Global Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Market Share by Application (2014 2025) 1.5.2 Government 2.1 Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Market Size 2.2 Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Growth Trends by Regions 2.2.1 Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Market Size by Regions (2014 2025) 2.2.2 Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Market Share by Regions (2014 2019) 2.3 Industry Trends 3 Market Share by Key Players 3.1 Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Market Size by Manufacturers 3.1.1 Global Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Revenue by Manufacturers (2014 2019) 3.1.2 Global Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Revenue Market Share by Manufacturers (2014 2019) 3.1.3 Global Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Market Concentration Ratio (CR5 and HHI) 3.2 Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Key Players Head office and Area Served 3.3 Key Players Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Product/Solution/Service 3.4 Date of Enter into Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Market 3.5 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion Plans 12.1 Amazon Web Services Inc 12.1.1 Amazon Web Services Inc Company Details 12.1.2 Company Description and Business Overview 12.1.3 Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Introduction 12.1.4 Amazon Web Services Inc Revenue in Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Business (2014 2019) 12.1.5 Amazon Web Services Inc Recent Development 12.2 Alphabet, Inc 12.2.1 Alphabet, Inc Company Details 12.2.2 Company Description and Business Overview 12.2.3 Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Introduction 12.2.4 Alphabet, Inc Revenue in Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Business (2014 2019) 12.2.5 Alphabet, Inc Recent Development 12.3 International Business Machines Corp 12.3.1 International Business Machines Corp Company Details 12.3.2 Company Description and Business Overview 12.3.3 Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Introduction 12.3.4 International Business Machines Corp Revenue in Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Business (2014 2019) 12.3.5 International Business Machines Corp Recent Development 12.4 Microsoft Corporation 12.4.1 Microsoft Corporation Company Details 12.4.2 Company Description and Business Overview 12.4.3 Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Introduction 12.4.4 Microsoft Corporation Revenue in Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Business (2014 2019)12.4.5 Microsoft Corporation Recent Development 12.5 Oracle Corp 12.5.1 Oracle Corp Company Details 12.5.2 Company Description and Business Overview 12.5.3 Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Introduction 12.5.4 Oracle Corp Revenue in Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Business (2014 2019) 12.5.5 Oracle Corp Recent Development 12.6 ServiceNow 12.6.2 Company Description and Business Overview 12.6.3 Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Introduction 12.6.4 ServiceNow Revenue in Public Cloud Application Infrastructure Services Business (2014 2019) 12.6.5 ServiceNow Recent Development", "URL": "https://industrytoday.co.uk/it/public-cloud-application-infrastructure-services-global-market-2019-2025--amazon-web-services--alphabet--microsoft--ibm/202410"}, {"Title": "Univa unveils Navops Launch 2.0", "Text": "Univa unveils Navops Launch 2.0 11 Sep 2019 Chicago Univa, an innovator in enterprise grade workload management and optimization solutions, has launched the newest release of its popular Navops Launch Cloud automation platform. Navops Launch 2.0 delivers new capabilities to help simplify the migration of enterprise HPC workloads to the Cloud, enabling enterprises to transition HPC workloads to the Cloud while reducing costs by 30 40 percent. With features for rightsizing Cloud resources and automating hybrid cloud operations, using real time Cloud, application and workload related metrics, with composable automation applets, Navops Launch 2.0 gives enterprise users full control over Cloud spend.\n\"The ease with which cloud services can be consumed can cause costs to quickly get out of control, posing a major business challenge for HPC Cloud users\", stated Krishnan Subramanian, founder and Chief Research Advisor, Rishidot Research. \"It's not uncommon for users to over provision compute instances and storage or start Cloud services and forget them. Tiered pricing schemes, bandwidth related costs, and fluid rate structures that can vary by region, make costs in the cloud difficult to manage while products like Navops Launch can help control these costs.\"\nNavops Launch was initially developed to focus on automated resource provisioning and application aware Cloud bursting. Navops Launch 2.0 extends these capabilities to include cost control and budgeted Cloud spend association, and powerful new features for workload and resource automation via composable automation applets.\nNew capabilities in Navops Launch 2.0 include: An enhanced WebUI that tracks Cloud spending, usage, and resource consumption efficiency for multiple cost centres, projects, departments, users, applications, and Cloud resource types Improved automation features enabling administrators to easily automate actions based on a wide variety of real time metrics related to applications, workload, and resources The ability to track usage against budgets and utilize automation to stay within hard budget restrictions\n\"Navops Launch has experienced excellent market momentum since we introduced it to the market\", stated Gary Tyreman, president and CEO, Univa. \"Enterprises are rapidly embracing hybrid cloud for HPC workloads, and as they do, they invariably face challenges related to Cloud spend management and efficiency, problem areas where Univa has focused our newest release to help users significantly reduce their costs.\"\nIn February of 2019, Western Digital and Amazon Web Services announced the use of Navops Launch to deploy a million core Univa Grid Engine cluster in the Cloud reducing the runtime for a large scale production multiphysics simulation from 20 days to eight hours.\nUnlike tools that provision Cloud resources based on simple static policies or cloud queues, Navops Launch is application, resource and budget aware, and can adjust workload and resource deployments on the fly considering planned spending by project and department, on premise capacity, actual resource consumption, and data access patterns.\nNavops Launch can project monthly Cloud billings and visually highlight cost savings opportunities. The automation engine provides users with tools to automate proactive cost saving measures such as selecting the most cost efficient instance types by application or detecting and shutting down unused services based on configurable policies. With these tools, organizations can boost efficiency, and track efficiency gains and savings month over month. Navops Launch is production proven at many of Univa's enterprise hybrid Cloud customers. Additionally, Navops Launch offers users the ability to deploy and manage hybrid and dedicated HPC clusters for thousands of applications, including AI, machine learning, life sciences, manufacturing, and transportation. Since its initial launch in 2018, the product has been named a winner in the Enterprise Product of the Year Category in the prestigious 2018 Best in Biz Awards and is the recipient of a 2019 Silver Stevie award winner in the Cloud infrastructure category by the American Business Awards. Source: Univa", "URL": "http://primeurmagazine.com/weekly/AE-PR-10-19-65.html"}, {"Title": "When LinkedIn isn\u2019t enough: Ex-Microsoft leaders raise $6M for recruiting startup SeekOut", "Text": "GeekWire Cloud Summit, 6/5: Register here! The SeekOut team. (SeekOut Photos)\nLinkedIn can be a valuable resource for hiring managers sourcing potential candidates. But oftentimes it isn't enough \u2014 and that's where SeekOut is stepping in.\nThe Seattle area startup today announced a $6 million investment round led by Madrona Venture Group, with participation from Mayfield. The company helps HR departments by using swaths of data to provide an AI powered \"360 degree profile\" of potential candidates \u2014 particularly those that have sparse or no LinkedIn profiles, but may be qualified based on harder to find accolades.\nSeekOut is led by CEO and co founder Anoop Gupta , a former technical assistant to Bill Gates who previously led Microsoft's Unified Communications Group; and CTO Aravind Bala , a former Microsoft partner engineering manager who worked on products including Bing and Office. Anoop Gupta with Aravind Bala, co founders of SeekOut. (GeekWire Photo / Todd Bishop)\nTheir company is an evolution of Nextio , a professional messaging service formerly known as Telo that Gupta and Bala founded. The premise of Nextio was to give recipients of promotional LinkedIn messages money paid by marketers, recruiters and others seeking to reach them. Microsoft acquired LinkedIn for $26.2 billion in 2016 \u2014 one year after Gupta and Bala left the company.\nWhile Nextio never took off, there was a \"career insights\" feature that analyzed millions of resumes to give users a birds eye view of potential career paths and the necessary steps to achieve certain jobs. That garnered interest from recruiters who wanted to understand requirements for various roles at companies; how people moved from different jobs; and so forth. About 18 months ago, Nextio pivoted to SeekOut.\n\"Since then the growth and traction has been phenomenal, and we are truly humbled and energized about serving this critical need for companies,\" Gupta said.\nSeekOut's thesis is that developers and engineers often don't promote their experience or work on a LinkedIn profile, but may do so in a place such as GitHub or in research papers and patents.\nBut sourcing potential hires based on public data is only one part of the company's business. SeekOut also provides built in diversity filters to help reduce unconscious bias; a machine learning driven search engine that understands past hiring patterns and needs based on job descriptions; and the ability for recruiters to \"hyper personalize\" messages when engaging with candidates.\nSeekOut has more than 75 enterprise customers from various industries including tech, defense, pharma, consumer packaged goods, and more.\n\"Our secret sauce is that we are engineering leaders who have tons of experience hiring tech talent for our teams and with challenges our recruiters faced,\" Gupta said. \"We also know of data available and how to apply machine learning, natural language processing and other technologies to the problem that we and our customers face every day: finding qualified candidates.\"\nSeekOut competes against a flurry of existing hiring related tools, from giants such as LinkedIn itself and Workday, to smaller startups including fellow Seattle company Karat.\nGupta said that most competing HR tech tools are spread over a wide range of tasks, such as chatbots or candidate scheduling. \"The companies in the sourcing space where SeekOut focuses are fewer, and less mature,\" he said.\nGupta and Bala both left Microsoft in November 2015 and came up with the Nextio idea in early 2016. SeekOut has raised $8.2 million to date. The company employs 12 people and expects to double headcount this year.\nAs a result of the funding, Madrona Managing Director S. \"Soma\" Somasegar will join the board.\n\"As every company goes through the digital transformation, the need for technical talent is growing leaps and bounds,\" he said. \"The SeekOut team deeply understands these challenges and has the expertise and drive to address them.\" Taylor Soper is GeekWire's managing editor, responsible for coordinating the newsroom, planning coverage, and editing stories. A native of Portland, Ore., and graduate of the University of Washington, he was previously a GeekWire staff reporter, covering beats including startups and sports technology. Follow him @taylor_soper and email. GeekWire Cloud Summit: AI/ML, DevOps, Cloud Migration & more\nHear from Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott, Amazon Web Services exec Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec, T Mobile CIO Cody Sanford, Slack co founder and CTO Cal Henderson, the creators of Kubernetes and many others at the GeekWire Cloud Summit. Plus, it's a great value!\nStay current on the latest cloud computing trends with in depth tracks on AI/ML, DevOps, Business of the Cloud and Cloud Migration.", "URL": "https://www.geekwire.com/2019/linkedin-isnt-enough-ex-microsoft-leaders-raise-6m-recruiting-startup-seekout/"}, {"Title": "Washington Hyperloop slims down its racing pod for Elon Musk\u2019s next big contest", "Text": "GeekWire Cloud Summit, 6/5: Register here! Washington Hyperloop team members show off their Husky spirit at an on campus unveiling of this year's pod racer. Veteran team member Mitchell Frimodt peeks out from within the pod's carbon composite shell, while the guts of the racer are on display on a table at left. (Margo Cavis Photo)\nCould this year be the year for Washington Hyperloop? For the fourth time, the students on University of Washington's pod racing team are taking aim at the top prize in tech titan Elon Musk's competition, and this time they've got their racer down to fighting weight.\nThis year's purple pod racer, which looks like a cross between a bobsled and a miniaturized bullet train, was unveiled Friday night at UW's Husky Union Building.\n\"Our pod this year is about 60 percent of the weight of last year's pod, with the same propulsion specs,\" engineering senior Mitchell Frimodt, one of the veterans on the Hyperloop team, told GeekWire. \"That's our performance boost.\"\nPropulsive oomph per pound is a key factor in what's become an annual tradition that plays out at SpaceX's headquarters in Hawthorne, Calif. This year, Washington Hyperloop and a dozen other collegiate teams are due to compete on July 21. Competitors will show off the racers they've built, and the best of the pack will face off in time trials conducted in a mile long tube that's been built just across the street from SpaceX's rocket factory.\nThe fastest team wins. And in the previous three competitions, the fastest team has been WARR Hyperloop from the Technical University of Munich in Germany. This year, Munich's student engineers are racing under a different team name \u2014 TUM Hyperloop \u2014 but they're expected to be every bit as formidable.\n\"We're looking to give them a run for the money,\" Frimodt said. Washington Hyperloop team members gather around their racing pod to prepare for its unveiling. (Margo Cavis Photo) A carbon composite shell covers the inner workings of Washington Hyperloop's pod racer. (Margo Cavis Photo) Removing the pod's shell reveals the complex plumbing for the racer's cold gas thruster system. (Margo Cavis Photo) Sponsor logos are emblazoned on the pod's purple shell. (Margo Cavis Photo) Composite overwrapped pressure vessels, or COPVs, are built to contain nitrogen gas for the pod racer's propulsion system. (Margo Cavis Photo) \"The Meatslicer\" is an apparatus designed for testing the pod, with a disk that spins as fast as 3,600 rpm to simulate what the pod would experience as it zips down SpaceX's tunnel racetrack. (Margo Cavis Photo)\nFrimodt is speaking figuratively: There's no prize money as such, but the Hyperloop contest gives those who do well an enviable spotlight in the engineering world. Frimodt said some of Washington Hyperloop's alumni are now working at SpaceX, Tesla, Apple and other cutting edge ventures \u2014 including Musk's very own tunneling venture, the Boring Company.\n\"One of our old business guys is actually with the Boring Company currently, down in L.A.,\" he said. \"I haven't heard exactly what he's up to down there, but that's pretty cool. We've had one alum go on to start an electric van company.\"\nMusk came up with the Hyperloop concept in 2013 as a way to short circuit traffic snarls within and between urban areas. The original concept called for pods to travel through low pressure tubes at near supersonic speeds, cutting the travel time between the San Francisco Bay Area and Los Angeles to about a half hour. To cite another example, a Pacific Northwest Hyperloop could run between Seattle and Portland in 15 minutes.\nSince then, the intercity Hyperloop concept has given rise to commercial ventures that don't involve Musk, including Virgin Hyperloop One and Hyperloop Transportation Technologies. For now, Musk is concentrating on the Boring Company's somewhat less speedy tunnel travel concept, which is known as the Loop. Loop projects are in various stages of development in Los Angeles , Las Vegas , Chicago and the Baltimore Washington area.\nFrimodt said most of the 40 or so members of the Washington Hyperloop team see their involvement as a way to exercise their general engineering skills, rather than creating a commercially viable Hyperloop pod. \"For us, it's more on pushing the edge of technology. Our focus is very much on the competition,\" he said.\nOnly about half of the team's members are veterans of past Hyperloop contests. Thanks to the team's previous successes, including an innovation prize won in last year's contest , Washington Hyperloop's organizers received \"a ton of applicants\" seeking to join the team last fall, Frimodt said.\nSo what's the secret sauce for this year? It's not necessarily the propulsion technology: The team is going with a cold gas thruster system that's similar to the one that won them fourth place in last year's competition. Basically, pressurized nitrogen blasts through a rocket like nozzle to shoot the pod down the Hyperloop track. \"It's a rocket without the combustion,\" Frimodt explained.\nOne big change from last year has to do with weight reduction. This year's team members were rigorous about enforcing weight budgets for each of the pod's components, and were lots more liberal about using lightweight carbon composites rather than metal parts.\nAnother change has to do with advance preparation, particularly when it comes to the software side of the project. Last year, \"people were working on our code on the day of the competition,\" said Fedor Paretsky, a UW junior in applied physics who works on the control and power subsystem team.\nThis year, the Washington Hyperloop team is ahead of the game, development wise. And one of the reasons for that has to do with one of the team's sponsors, a California based tech company named WSO2 , which is providing the team with financial support as well as help with an open source programming language for cloud based applications known as Ballerina.\n\"Ballerina acts as our data relay,\" Paretsky said. \"It relays data every 25 milliseconds. If we decide that something's going wrong, or we need to do an emergency stop, Ballerina ensures that the pod is communicated with, efficiently.\"\nBallerina also serves to coordinate software development. \"Anybody can literally just pull the image [for the pod's software] off the cloud,\" he said.\nIn addition to WSO2, Ballerina and various UW departments, the team has recruited more than 30 sponsors ranging from Boeing to Pagliacci Pizza (and it doesn't take an engineer to guess what Pagliacci is contributing). Their logos are all emblazoned on what Washington Hyperloop hopes will be this year's top pod.\nIt could be a nail biter: Last year's competition at SpaceX saw the WARR team set a new world record for Hyperloop travel, with a top speed of 290 mph. Can Washington Hyperloop improve on that mark?\n\"We're not 100 percent sure yet, until we get a final pod weight based off everything we put on there, and do our static fire testing to characterize our propulsion system,\" Frimodt said. \"But it's probably looking like somewhere from 260 miles an hour to 300 miles an hour.\" GeekWire Cloud Summit: AI/ML, DevOps, Cloud Migration & more\nHear from Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott, Amazon Web Services exec Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec, T Mobile CIO Cody Sanford, Slack co founder and CTO Cal Henderson, the creators of Kubernetes and many others at the GeekWire Cloud Summit. Plus, it's a great value!\nStay current on the latest cloud computing trends with in depth tracks on AI/ML, DevOps, Business of the Cloud and Cloud Migration.", "URL": "https://www.geekwire.com/2019/washington-hyperloop-slims-racing-pod-elon-musks-next-contest/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "534 Saratoga Broadway, LP", "industry": "Travel & Transportation", "segment": "Enterprise", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Oracle Corporation", "intensity": 2.0, "score": 2719, "relationshipStrength": "Weak", "news": [{"Title": "Microsoft wins $10-billion US defence contract in huge blow to Amazon", "Text": "Twitter YouTube\nMicrosoft has won the sought after Jedi cloud computing contract with the Pentagon valued at as much as US$10 billion over a decade, dealing a blow to the market leader, Amazon.com, which had been the front runner.\nThe decision, which was announced by the US defence department late on Friday, may be challenged by Amazon, according to a person familiar with the matter, because President Donald Trump weighed in on the bidding process. The terms of the competition were also hotly contested by another rival, Oracle.\nThe Pentagon has said the cloud project, known as the Joint Enterprise Defence Infrastructure, or Jedi, is intended to help bring American military technology into the modern era. Donald Trump has long been at odds with Amazon's CEO, Jeff Bezos. Bezos also owns the Washington Post, which Trump claims has treated him unfairly\nThe defence department is investing in commercial cloud services, which host computing power and storage in remote data centres, to improve data security and speed up real time sharing of information across the military.\nThe Pentagon said the contract was expected to be completed by 2029. Microsoft shares rose 0.6% to US$140.73 at Friday's close.\nAmazon, which won a lucrative cloud contract with the Central Intelligence Agency in 2013, was long seen to have the upper hand in the competition. But politics entered the picture. Trump has long been at odds with Amazon's CEO, Jeff Bezos. Bezos also owns the Washington Post, which Trump claims has treated him unfairly in its coverage 'Surprised'\n\"We're surprised about this conclusion,\" said Douglas Stone, an Amazon spokesman. He added that the company was \"the clear leader in cloud computing, and a detailed assessment purely on the comparative offerings clearly lead to a different conclusion. We remain deeply committed to continuing to innovate for the new digital battlefield where security, efficiency, resiliency and scalability of resources can be the difference between success and failure.\"\nTrump surprised the industry earlier this year when he openly questioned whether the contract was being competitively bid.\nA new book by Guy Snodgrass, a speechwriter to former defence secretary Jim Mattis, alleges that Trump, in the summer of 2018, told Mattis to \"screw Amazon\" and lock it out of the bid. Mattis didn't do what Trump asked, Snodgrass wrote. Mattis has criticised the book.\nAmazon was believed to be the front runner until Friday evening. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos\nThe decision is a big boost for Microsoft's cloud business.\n\"This is a paradigm changer for Microsoft,\" said Daniel Ives, an analyst at Wedbush Securities who has a \"buy\" rating on Microsoft. \"It's a landmark win that will change the cloud computing battle over the next decade. It's a shocker to Amazon and Bezos to lose it. But for Microsoft it signals a new era of growth in cloud. This adds $10 to the stock in my opinion.\"\nA Microsoft representative referred questions to the defence department announcement. The White House did not respond to a request for comment.\nAmazon Web Services, the retail giant's cloud computing arm, has a wide lead in the business of selling cloud services to businesses and governments, with $32.5 billion in sales during the most recently reported 12 months. Microsoft, which doesn't break out comparable sales for its Azure unit, likely pulled in a fraction of that, analysts say. Additional contracts are planned for both cloud services and complementary migration and integration solutions\nIn a statement released later on Friday night, the defence department said that \"the acquisition process was conducted in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. The process cleared review by\" the US General Accounting Office and the Court of Federal Claims.\n\"All offerors (sic) were treated fairly and evaluated consistently with the solicitation's stated evaluation criteria,\" the department added, saying that \"additional contracts are planned for both cloud services and complementary migration and integration solutions necessary to achieve effective cloud adoption\".\nThe Pentagon's inspector general said in a separate statement on Friday night that it had \"not found evidence that we believe would prevent the DoD from making a decision about the award of the contract\". The watchdog agency, which was leading a review by \"multidisciplinary team of auditors, investigators, and attorneys\", was aiming to have its work done by the end of November. Winner takes all\nThe defence department had come under criticism for its handling of the winner take all project, which was marred by accusations of improper ties between former Pentagon officials and Amazon. Oracle and IBM waged a fierce lobbying and legal campaign over the decision to choose just one provider, arguing it would imperil the Pentagon's data and stifle innovation. Both companies were later eliminated from the competition, but Oracle filed suit.\nA judge said the company did not have the legal standing to challenge the terms of the procurement process. Oracle has appealed that verdict. Google, another large cloud provider, withdrew from consideration last year amid employee concerns over the company's ties to defence contracting.\nAs recently as Tuesday, the Pentagon said defence secretary Mark Esper had recused himself from any decisions involving the contract to avoid the appearance of a conflict of interest because his son works with one of the original applicants.\nIBM confirmed that Esper's son has been a digital strategy consultant with the company since February but said that his job was \"unrelated to IBM's pursuit\" of the cloud deal.\nThe government has ramped up scrutiny of large technology companies, including Amazon, Apple, Facebook and Google, over issues ranging from consumer privacy to marketplace competition. Yet even as Microsoft spent much of the 1990s wrangling with US officials, ultimately losing a landmark case that accused the software maker of anticompetitive practices, it has largely stayed out of the recent round of regulatory glare. The company has even become a steady government contractor.\nChris Lynch, the former director of the Pentagon's defence digital service who helped design the Jedi project, praised the decision on Twitter. \"Jedi Cloud is critical to our women and men in uniform,\" he wrote.\nBut representative Steve Womack of Arkansas, one of several Republican lawmakers who took their concerns about the process to the White House, said he remained \"concerned with the contract structure\". He has said that the single source bid amounts to \"limiting competition\".\nBezos and Microsoft founder Bill Gates are the two richest men in the world, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. \u2014 Reported by John Harney and Naomi Nix, with assistance from Dina Bass, Sara Forden, Ben Brody, Ryan Beene and Matt Day, (c) 2019 Bloomberg LP", "URL": "https://techcentral.co.za/microsoft-wins-10-billion-us-defence-contract-in-huge-blow-to-amazon/93585/"}, {"Title": "Oracle Corp (ORCL) Stock Rose While Btr Capital Management INC Has Trimmed Its Stake | Finance Recorder", "Text": "Investors sentiment increased to 0.68 in Q1 2019. Its up 0.04, from 0.64 in 2018Q4. It improved, as 66 investors sold ORCL shares while 606 reduced holdings. 138 funds opened positions while 316 raised stakes. 1.75 billion shares or 6.81% less from 1.87 billion shares in 2018Q4 were reported. Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc stated it has 122,200 shares. Hourglass Capital Limited reported 126,201 shares. Kbc Grp Nv holds 0.85% or 1.92M shares in its portfolio. Jensen Investment Management reported 4.79% of its portfolio in Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL). Adage Capital Ptnrs Grp Inc Lc owns 3.06M shares for 0.41% of their portfolio. Orrstown Services owns 5,063 shares. Kentucky Retirement Sys Trust Fund reported 0.6% stake. 2.23M were reported by Tiedemann Llc. Mycio Wealth Ptnrs Ltd Co holds 23,166 shares. 2,255 are owned by Cranbrook Wealth Mngmt Ltd Limited Liability Company. Huber Capital Management Lc reported 1.55% of its portfolio in Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL). Greenleaf Trust owns 39,985 shares. Veritable LP reported 126,666 shares or 0.14% of all its holdings. Signalpoint Asset Ltd Com, Missouri based fund reported 7,019 shares. Savings Bank Of Montreal Can owns 1.87 million shares for 0.09% of their portfolio.\nBtr Capital Management Inc decreased its stake in Oracle Corp (ORCL) by 86.83% based on its latest 2019Q1 regulatory filing with the SEC. Btr Capital Management Inc sold 194,106 shares as the company's stock rose 2.59%. The institutional investor held 29,431 shares of the prepackaged software company at the end of 2019Q1, valued at $1.58M, down from 223,537 at the end of the previous reported quarter. Btr Capital Management Inc who had been investing in Oracle Corp for a number of months, seems to be less bullish one the $176.73 billion market cap company. The stock decreased 1.65% or $0.89 during the last trading session, reaching $52.98. About 7.38M shares traded. Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) has risen 17.96% since August 21, 2018 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 17.96% the S&P500.\nBtr Capital Management Inc, which manages about $543.26M and $520.37M US Long portfolio, upped its stake in United Health Group Inc. (NYSE:UNH) by 29,789 shares to 32,549 shares, valued at $8.05 million in 2019Q1, according to the filing.\nAnalysts await Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) to report earnings on September, 16. They expect $0.72 earnings per share, up 16.13 % or $0.10 from last year's $0.62 per share. ORCL's profit will be $2.40 billion for 18.40 P/E if the $0.72 EPS becomes a reality. After $1.07 actual earnings per share reported by Oracle Corporation for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 32.71 % negative EPS growth.\nMore notable recent Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) news were published by: Seekingalpha.com which released: \"No new timeline for JEDI cloud award \u2013 DoD \u2013 Seeking Alpha\" on August 09, 2019, also Seekingalpha.com with their article: \"Oracle: Q4 Vindicated Our Stance, Expecting 50% Returns \u2013 Seeking Alpha\" published on June 27, 2019, Finance.Yahoo.com published: \"Is Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) A Smart Choice For Dividend Investors? \u2013 Yahoo Finance\" on May 20, 2019. More interesting news about Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) were released by: Seekingalpha.com and their article: \"Oracle's Massive Buybacks Will Push The Stock Higher \u2013 Seeking Alpha\" published on June 24, 2019 as well as Fool.com 's news article titled: \"Better Buy: IBM vs. Oracle \u2013 Motley Fool\" with publication date: July 31, 2019. Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) Ratings Coverage\nAmong 19 analysts covering Oracle ( NYSE:ORCL ), 6 have Buy rating, 2 Sell and 11 Hold. Therefore 32% are positive. Oracle has $66 highest and $42 lowest target. $56.86's average target is 7.32% above currents $52.98 stock price. Oracle had 43 analyst reports since March 11, 2019 according to SRatingsIntel. Bank of America maintained the shares of ORCL in report on Thursday, June 20 with \"Hold\" rating. On Thursday, June 20 the stock rating was maintained by BMO Capital Markets with \"Market Perform\". The firm earned \"Hold\" rating on Monday, March 11 by Barclays Capital. As per Tuesday, May 21, the company rating was maintained by Morgan Stanley. Barclays Capital maintained it with \"Equal Weight\" rating and $5900 target in Thursday, June 20 report. As per Friday, March 15, the company rating was downgraded by BMO Capital Markets. Morgan Stanley maintained the shares of ORCL in report on Friday, March 15 with \"Hold\" rating. The firm has \"Buy\" rating given on Thursday, June 20 by Wells Fargo. On Friday, March 15 the stock rating was maintained by Piper Jaffray with \"Buy\". J.P. Morgan maintained the shares of ORCL in report on Thursday, June 20 with \"Hold\" rating. Receive News & Ratings Via Email Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.", "URL": "https://financerecorder.com/oracle-corp-orcl-stock-rose-while-btr-capital-management-inc-has-trimmed-its-stake/"}, {"Title": "Amazon Gave Jobs to DOD Staff Working on Cloud Bid, Oracle Lawsuit Says", "Text": "Amazon Gave Jobs to DOD Staff Working on Cloud Bid, Oracle Lawsuit Says Amazon Gave Jobs to DOD Staff Working on Cloud Bid, Oracle Lawsuit Says Oracle's latest court action comes weeks after the Pentagon announced it had eliminated Oracle and IBM from the bidding. By Naomi Nix, Bloomberg | Updated: 9 May 2019 17:42 IST Reddit Comment\nAt least two Pentagon employees were offered jobs at Amazon.com while working on the Defense Department's $10 billion (roughly Rs. 70,000 crores) cloud contract, a lawsuit filed by Oracle alleges.\nThe amended complaint, made public on Tuesday, claims Deap Ubhi, a former employee at a high level Defense Department technology unit, helped design the cloud contract in a way that was favourable to Amazon after receiving \"significant\" job and bonus offers from the e commerce giant.\nOracle's latest court action comes weeks after the Pentagon announced it had eliminated Oracle and IBM from the bidding because they didn't meet the minimum criteria, leaving Amazon and Microsoft as the last remaining competitors.\nThe Pentagon, which announced the so called JEDI competition in March of last year, doesn't expect to award the contract before July 19.\nUbhi, who had worked at Amazon before joining the government, helped craft the Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure, or JEDI, procurement for weeks after accepting a job offer in October 2017 from Amazon Web Services , the company's cloud unit, according to the lawsuit. Ubhi then made up an \"elaborate lie\" about an Amazon offer to buy his startup company, Tablehero, when he \"belatedly\" recused himself from working on the contract, the lawsuit alleges.\nThe lawsuit also contends that an unnamed former official connected with the Navy participated in the JEDI contracting process even after accepting a position with Amazon Web Services.\nUbhi is still employed by Amazon Web Services, according to his Twitter account.\nAn Amazon representative didn't immediately respond to requests for comment. The Defense Department declined to comment. Efforts to reach Ubhi through multiple emails and by telephone were unsuccessful.\nOracle first filed its lawsuit in December in the US Court of Federal Claims, alleging the Pentagon crafted overly narrow contract requirements and failed to investigate relationships between former Defense Department employees and Amazon.\nThe newest allegations may bolster Oracle's argument that terms for the cloud project violate federal procurement standards. The cloud project involves transitioning massive amount of Defense Department data to a commercially operated cloud system.\nOracle's lawsuit also made conflict of interest allegations about Anthony DeMartino, a former deputy chief of staff in the secretary of defense's office. DeMartino had previously consulted for Amazon Web Services before assuming his role at the Pentagon.\nIn February, a judge paused court proceedings in the case to allow the Pentagon to review new information about potential conflicts of interests. The Pentagon said it determined that the acquisition process for the contract wasn't tainted by alleged conflicts of interest.\nIn November, the U.S. Government Accountability Office also rejected Oracle's conflict of interest allegations in a separate protest. The watchdog agency said the evidence it reviewed indicated that neither DeMartino nor Ubhi had substantive input into the contract's terms or the procurement process.\nTech companies including Oracle banded together in an informal coalition last year to urge the Defense Department to split the contract among several suppliers.\nThey said the winner take all approach would lock the Pentagon into a single vendor and would heighten security risks. The department has said that making multiple awards under current acquisition law would be a slow process that could prevent it from quickly delivering new capabilities.\nThe JEDI contract could threaten the growth of longstanding business that IBM and Oracle have with the Defense Department as it seeks to move its legacy technologies into a commercially operated cloud system. Both companies were late entrants into the cloud market and have struggled to catch up to Amazon in the private and public sectors.\nAmazon was widely seen as the frontrunner for the cloud contract because it previously won a $600 million deal cloud deal from the US Central Intelligence Agency and obtained higher levels of federal security authorizations than its peers.\nOracle Executive Vice President Kenneth Glueck, who leads the company's Washington lobbying operation, said in a recent interview with Bloomberg News that the company will continue to challenge requirements for the contract in conversations with lawmakers on Capitol Hill.\n\"You read the RFP and it just screams Amazon,\" Glueck said in an interview April 26, referring to the Defense Department's request for proposals. \"The RFP emphasizes all the things Amazon is very good at\" and \"completely de emphasizes the things they're not very good at.\"\n\u00a9 2019 Bloomberg LP", "URL": "https://gadgets.ndtv.com/internet/news/amazon-gave-jobs-to-dod-staff-working-on-cloud-bid-oracle-lawsuit-says-2035342"}, {"Title": "Oracle (ORCL) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research - Stock Observer", "Text": "Oracle (NYSE:ORCL) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a \"hold\" rating to a \"sell\" rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday.\nAccording to Zacks, \"Oracle faces stiff competition in the cloud market from dominant players including AWS and Azure, which is a concern. Consequently, Oracle may be subject to pricing pressure and additional operating expenses, which is likely to limit margin expansion. Further, lower hardware volumes are anticipated to hurt top line growth. Oracle has been embroiled in various legal tangles which are likely to induce volatility in the stock. Also, integration risks from buyouts remain a concern. Notably, Oracle stock has underperformed industry in the past year. However, Oracle is benefiting from strong adoption of its cloud based solutions, including Fusion ERP and Fusion HCM. Partnerships with the likes of Accenture are aiding Oracle to rapidly expand its cloud base clientele. Also, expected strong demand for next gen autonomous database supported by ML holds promise. Notably, estimates have been stable lately ahead of the company's Q3 earnings release.\"\nGet Oracle alerts: A number of other analysts have also commented on the company. Standpoint Research lowered Oracle from a \"buy\" rating to a \"hold\" rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 19th. Credit Suisse Group reiterated a \"buy\" rating and issued a $60.00 price objective on shares of Oracle in a research report on Monday, February 18th. Goldman Sachs Group reiterated a \"buy\" rating and issued a $55.00 price objective on shares of Oracle in a research report on Thursday, February 14th. Morgan Stanley lowered Oracle from an \"overweight\" rating to an \"equal weight\" rating and lowered their price objective for the stock from $57.00 to $53.00 in a research report on Tuesday, January 15th. Finally, Atlantic Securities began coverage on Oracle in a research report on Wednesday, January 9th. They issued an \"underweight\" rating and a $45.00 price objective for the company. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of \"Hold\" and an average target price of $52.62.\nOracle stock opened at $52.58 on Wednesday. The company has a debt to equity ratio of 1.66, a current ratio of 2.80 and a quick ratio of 2.80. The stock has a market capitalization of $217.25 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.65, a price to earnings growth ratio of 1.74 and a beta of 1.09. Oracle has a 12 month low of $42.40 and a 12 month high of $53.48.\nOracle (NYSE:ORCL) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Monday, December 17th. The enterprise software provider reported $0.80 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.10. The firm had revenue of $9.57 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $9.52 billion. Oracle had a return on equity of 29.93% and a net margin of 10.01%. The company's revenue was down.3% on a year over year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.70 earnings per share. As a group, sell side analysts predict that Oracle will post 3.07 EPS for the current fiscal year.\nIn other news, Director Hector Garcia Molina sold 3,750 shares of Oracle stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $51.51, for a total transaction of $193,162.50. Following the transaction, the director now owns 27,969 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,440,683.19. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, EVP Dorian Daley sold 25,000 shares of Oracle stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $45.00, for a total value of $1,125,000.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 102,919 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,631,355. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 42,552 shares of company stock valued at $1,945,486 over the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 32.00% of the company's stock.\nSeveral large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in ORCL. Acadian Asset Management LLC lifted its stake in Oracle by 95.1% in the 3rd quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 112,992 shares of the enterprise software provider's stock valued at $5,826,000 after acquiring an additional 55,085 shares in the last quarter. Wedge Capital Management L L P NC bought a new stake in Oracle in the 3rd quarter valued at approximately $211,000. Signition LP bought a new stake in Oracle in the 3rd quarter valued at approximately $208,000. Private Advisor Group LLC lifted its stake in Oracle by 43.1% in the 3rd quarter. Private Advisor Group LLC now owns 101,366 shares of the enterprise software provider's stock valued at $5,226,000 after acquiring an additional 30,515 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Mission Wealth Management LP lifted its stake in Oracle by 10.3% in the 3rd quarter. Mission Wealth Management LP now owns 13,281 shares of the enterprise software provider's stock valued at $685,000 after acquiring an additional 1,245 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 49.81% of the company's stock.\nAbout Oracle\nOracle Corporation develops, manufactures, markets, sells, hosts, and supports application, platform, and infrastructure solutions for information technology (IT) environments worldwide. The company provides services in three primary layers of the cloud: Software as a Service, Platform as a Service, and Infrastructure as a Service.\nSee Also: What is Considered a Good Return on Equity (ROE)?\nGet a free copy of the Zacks research report on Oracle (ORCL)\nFor more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com\nReceive News & Ratings for Oracle Daily Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Oracle and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.", "URL": "https://www.thestockobserver.com/2019/03/08/oracle-orcl-rating-lowered-to-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html"}, {"Title": "Oracle CEO to take extended leave to focus on health", "Text": "Twitter YouTube Oracle's head office in Redwood Shores, California. Image: H\u00e5kan Dahlstr\u00f6m (CC BY 2.0)\nOracle said CEO Mark Hurd will take a leave of absence for health related reasons. Founder Larry Ellison and Safra Catz, who shares the CEO role with Hurd, will assume Hurd's responsibilities during his absence.\nIn a statement on Wednesday, the company didn't specify what health issues Hurd is facing or say how long his leave would be. Hurd, 62, has served as CEO for five years and has spent a total of nine years at the world's second largest software maker, where his responsibilities have included managing the company's sales organisation, marketing and industry specific software groups. Catz, 57, is a longtime Oracle executive who runs a range of departments including legal, finance and operations.\nHurd's tenure as one of Oracle's CEOs has been marked by a rocky transition to cloud computing software. Sales have stagnated amid uneven demand for the company's broad program suite, with cloud based tools growing quickly and legacy products languishing. Hurd has played a key role evangelising Oracle's message to investors and the public. He set a goal for the company to clinch a 50% share of the cloud applications market, targeting competitors including Salesforce.com, SAP and Workday. Hurd's tenure as one of Oracle's CEOs has been marked by a rocky transition to cloud computing software\nOracle shares declined 4% in extended trading following the announcement of Hurd's leave of absence, and after the company reported fiscal first quarter sales that fell short of analysts' projections. The stock had gained 1.5% to US$56.29 at the close in New York. Oracle had been scheduled to report earnings on Thursday.\nRevenue in the period that ended 31 August was $9.22 billion, the Redwood City, California based company said in a separate statement. Analysts on average had expected $9.29 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The sales shortfall underscores the challenge facing Oracle as it shifts its business to cloud computing.\nNet income in the recent period dropped to $2.14 billion, or $0.63/share, from $2.27 billion, or $0.57, a year earlier. Excluding certain items, per share profit was $0.81, matching the average analyst prediction. Short term deferred revenue, a measure of future sales, was $10.1 billion. Struggled\nUnder Catz and Hurd, Oracle has struggled to sustainably grow sales amid strong competition from cloud computing leaders Amazon Web Services and Microsoft. Oracle said in June that more customers were signing up for the company's crucial Autonomous Database product on a trial basis. Investors are waiting to see whether the company will be able to turn these trials into lucrative contracts. AWS offers a variety of cloud based databases, which Ellison has criticised for being insufficiently sophisticated or secure. Oracle has tried to prevent AWS from getting a $10 billion cloud computing contract with the Pentagon, suing the US government to put itself back in the running for the deal. Larry Ellison\nHurd came to Oracle after serving as CEO of Hewlett Packard, the computer maker that had been the world's largest technology company by revenue. Previously, he helmed NCR, which makes store checkout machines and ATMs.\nIn an e mail to employees included in the statement, Hurd said that he had confidence Catz, Ellison and the rest of the management team would do a \"terrific job executing\" the company's plans during his leave.\n\"Though we all worked hard together to close the first quarter, I've decided that I need to spend time focused on my health,\" he wrote. \u2014 Reported by Nico Grant, (c) 2019 Bloomberg LP", "URL": "https://techcentral.co.za/oracle-ceo-to-take-extended-leave-to-focus-on-health/92550/"}, {"Title": "SAP raises outlook amid major restructuring", "Text": "Twitter SAP CEO Bill McDermott\nSAP raised its operating profit outlook for the year, bolstered by strong growth in its cloud business, as the German software maker pushes ahead with a major restructuring.\nThe Walldorf based company reported a 26% increase in new cloud bookings for the first quarter at constant currencies, picking up speed compared to the October December period in the metric closely watched by analysts.\nSAP also said on Wednesday that it's planning \"new initiatives to accelerate operational excellence and value creation\" and will brief investors and analysts on those plans during a special capital markets day in November. The company will evaluate a share buyback programme and focus on \"tuck in\" acquisitions. For 2019, the company expects profit to rise as much as 12.5%, up from a previous prediction of as much as 11.5%\nCEO Bill McDermott is betting big on the cloud business as a source of future sales growth and has spent more than US$10 billion to buy American cloud start ups Qualtrics International and Callidus Software to better compete with Salesforce.com and Oracle.\n\"We see years and years of sustained growth in the cloud,\" McDermott said in a phone interview. SAP's executive team is putting \"total focus\" on improving margins in the coming years, he said.\nSAP now expects to reach a non IFRS cloud gross margin of 75% in 2023, and increase the non IFRS operating margin by one percentage point a year on average. For 2019, the company expects profit to rise as much as 12.5%, up from a previous prediction of as much as 11.5%. Cloud revenue\nMcDermott is reassigning jobs, training workers and drawing up voluntary leave packages \u2014 a programme that cost \u20ac886 million in the first quarter. Overall sales grew to \u20ac6.1 billion, driven by a strong increase in cloud revenue.\nSAP is dealing with a management shake up after the 5 April announcement that the president of its cloud business, 27 year SAP veteran Robert Enslin, was departing the company. It was later revealed he'd left for Google. A day earlier, chief technology officer Bjoern Goerke, another cloud expert based in the US, penned a blog post saying he's leaving the company he joined as a student in 1988. Board member Bernd Leukert, a seasoned IT executive, left SAP in February.\nMcDermott said there's \"reignited passion\" in the company and all positions are filled with people of great competence.\nSAP said on Wednesday that uptake of its flagship S/4 Hana software slowed in the January March period, with the company adding about 400 customers. It said it now has about 10 900 total users. The software allows businesses to run tasks on their own machines or in a cloud computing arrangement hosted by SAP or one of its partners. \u2014 Reported by Stefan Nicola, (c) 2019 Bloomberg LP", "URL": "https://techcentral.co.za/sap-raises-outlook-amid-major-restructuring/89174/"}, {"Title": "Zacks Investment Research Reiterates Hold Rating for Oracle (ORCL) - Stock Observer", "Text": "Oracle (NYSE:ORCL) 's stock had its \"hold\" rating reaffirmed by Zacks Investment Research in a research note issued to investors on Monday.\nAccording to Zacks, \"Oracle is one of the largest enterprise grade database, middleware and application software providers. The company is benefiting from strong adoption of its cloud based solutions, comprising Fusion ERP and Fusion HCM, among others. We note that partnerships with the likes of Accenture are helping the company rapidly expand its cloud base clientele. Also, anticipated strong demand for the next generation autonomous database supported by machine learning will boost competitive position against Amazon Web Services (AWS). Nonetheless, stiff competition in the cloud market from dominant players is anticipated to limit margin expansion. Further, lower hardware volumes are anticipated to hurt top line growth consequently keeping margins under pressure. Additionally, integration risks from buyouts remain a concern. Notably, shares of Oracle have underperformed the industry in the past year.\"\nGet Oracle alerts: A number of other equities research analysts also recently weighed in on ORCL. Barclays boosted their price target on Oracle from $58.00 to $60.00 and gave the company an \"overweight\" rating in a report on Friday, September 7th. KeyCorp reiterated a \"hold\" rating on shares of Oracle in a report on Wednesday, September 12th. Goldman Sachs Group reiterated a \"buy\" rating and issued a $55.00 price target on shares of Oracle in a report on Tuesday, September 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a \"neutral\" rating and issued a $53.00 price target on shares of Oracle in a report on Tuesday, September 18th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus reiterated a \"hold\" rating and issued a $49.00 price target (down from $50.00) on shares of Oracle in a report on Tuesday, September 18th. Seventeen investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the company's stock. The company has an average rating of \"Hold\" and an average price target of $53.20.\nShares of NYSE ORCL opened at $45.15 on Monday. Oracle has a twelve month low of $42.40 and a twelve month high of $53.48. The company has a quick ratio of 2.80, a current ratio of 2.80 and a debt to equity ratio of 1.66. The company has a market capitalization of $185.54 billion, a PE ratio of 16.01, a PEG ratio of 1.49 and a beta of 1.11.\nOracle (NYSE:ORCL) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday, December 17th. The enterprise software provider reported $0.80 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.10. Oracle had a return on equity of 29.93% and a net margin of 10.01%. The business had revenue of $9.57 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.52 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.70 EPS. The business's quarterly revenue was down.3% on a year over year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Oracle will post 3.08 EPS for the current year.\nOracle declared that its Board of Directors has approved a share buyback program on Monday, September 17th that authorizes the company to buyback $12.00 billion in shares. This buyback authorization authorizes the enterprise software provider to repurchase up to 5.9% of its stock through open market purchases. Stock buyback programs are generally an indication that the company's board of directors believes its shares are undervalued.\nIn related news, EVP Dorian Daley sold 25,000 shares of the company's stock in a transaction on Thursday, December 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $45.00, for a total transaction of $1,125,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 102,919 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,631,355. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, Director Hector Garcia Molina sold 3,750 shares of the company's stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $50.01, for a total value of $187,537.50. Following the transaction, the director now owns 27,969 shares of the company's stock, valued at $1,398,729.69. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 42,552 shares of company stock valued at $1,936,336. 32.00% of the stock is owned by company insiders.\nA number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the business. Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. lifted its holdings in shares of Oracle by 6.1% in the third quarter. Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. now owns 31,400 shares of the enterprise software provider's stock valued at $1,619,000 after buying an additional 1,800 shares during the period. Charles Schwab Investment Advisory Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Oracle in the second quarter valued at $218,896,000. Trexquant Investment LP lifted its holdings in shares of Oracle by 1,874.8% in the third quarter. Trexquant Investment LP now owns 100,219 shares of the enterprise software provider's stock valued at $5,167,000 after buying an additional 95,144 shares during the period. Thompson Siegel & Walmsley LLC lifted its holdings in shares of Oracle by 2.1% during the second quarter. Thompson Siegel & Walmsley LLC now owns 304,726 shares of the enterprise software provider's stock valued at $13,426,000 after purchasing an additional 6,366 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Motley Fool Asset Management LLC lifted its holdings in shares of Oracle by 23.1% during the third quarter. Motley Fool Asset Management LLC now owns 53,782 shares of the enterprise software provider's stock valued at $2,773,000 after purchasing an additional 10,083 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 50.98% of the company's stock.\nOracle Company Profile\nOracle Corporation develops, manufactures, markets, sells, hosts, and supports application, platform, and infrastructure solutions for information technology (IT) environments worldwide. The company provides services in three primary layers of the cloud: Software as a Service, Platform as a Service, and Infrastructure as a Service.\nFeatured Article: What is the Consumer Price Index (CPI)?\nGet a free copy of the Zacks research report on Oracle (ORCL)\nFor more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com\nReceive News & Ratings for Oracle Daily Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Oracle and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.", "URL": "https://www.thestockobserver.com/2019/01/02/zacks-investment-research-reiterates-hold-rating-for-oracle-orcl.html"}, {"Title": "Oracle (ORCL) Given Hold Rating at Zacks Investment Research", "Text": "Oracle (ORCL) Given Hold Rating at Zacks Investment Research Posted by Anthony Miller | Jan 3rd, 2019\nZacks Investment Research reaffirmed their hold rating on shares of Oracle (NYSE:ORCL) in a research report released on Monday morning.\nAccording to Zacks, \"Oracle is one of the largest enterprise grade database, middleware and application software providers. The company is benefiting from strong adoption of its cloud based solutions, comprising Fusion ERP and Fusion HCM, among others. We note that partnerships with the likes of Accenture are helping the company rapidly expand its cloud base clientele. Also, anticipated strong demand for the next generation autonomous database supported by machine learning will boost competitive position against Amazon Web Services (AWS). Nonetheless, stiff competition in the cloud market from dominant players is anticipated to limit margin expansion. Further, lower hardware volumes are anticipated to hurt top line growth consequently keeping margins under pressure. Additionally, integration risks from buyouts remain a concern. Notably, shares of Oracle have underperformed the industry in the past year.\" Get Oracle alerts:\nORCL has been the subject of several other reports. cut their target price on shares of Oracle from $56.00 to $55.00 and set an overweight rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday, October 10th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a $53.00 target price on shares of Oracle in a research note on Tuesday, December 18th. UBS Group reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a $51.00 target price on shares of Oracle in a research note on Tuesday, December 18th. Credit Suisse Group reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $60.00 target price on shares of Oracle in a research note on Wednesday, October 24th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada raised their target price on shares of Oracle to $55.00 in a research note on Tuesday, December 18th. Seventeen investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $52.82.\nShares of NYSE ORCL opened at $45.22 on Monday. The company has a debt to equity ratio of 1.66, a current ratio of 2.80 and a quick ratio of 2.80. The firm has a market capitalization of $186.90 billion, a PE ratio of 16.04, a PEG ratio of 1.50 and a beta of 1.04. Oracle has a 1 year low of $42.40 and a 1 year high of $53.48.\nOracle (NYSE:ORCL) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Monday, December 17th. The enterprise software provider reported $0.80 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.10. The firm had revenue of $9.57 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $9.52 billion. Oracle had a net margin of 10.01% and a return on equity of 29.93%. The company's revenue for the quarter was down.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.70 earnings per share. As a group, research analysts predict that Oracle will post 3.08 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.\nOracle declared that its Board of Directors has approved a share repurchase program on Monday, September 17th that allows the company to repurchase $12.00 billion in shares. This repurchase authorization allows the enterprise software provider to repurchase up to 5.9% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares repurchase programs are often a sign that the company's leadership believes its stock is undervalued.\nThe firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, January 30th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, January 16th will be paid a $0.19 dividend. The ex dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, January 15th. This represents a $0.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.68%. Oracle's payout ratio is currently 26.95%.\nIn other news, Director Hector Garcia Molina sold 3,750 shares of the firm's stock in a transaction dated Thursday, November 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $50.01, for a total value of $187,537.50. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 27,969 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,398,729.69. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Dorian Daley sold 25,000 shares of the firm's stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $45.00, for a total transaction of $1,125,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 102,919 shares of the company's stock, valued at approximately $4,631,355. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 42,552 shares of company stock valued at $1,936,336 over the last three months. Corporate insiders own 32.00% of the company's stock.\nInstitutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. lifted its holdings in shares of Oracle by 6.1% in the 3rd quarter. Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. now owns 31,400 shares of the enterprise software provider's stock worth $1,619,000 after acquiring an additional 1,800 shares during the last quarter. Charles Schwab Investment Advisory Inc. bought a new stake in Oracle during the 2nd quarter valued at about $218,896,000. Trexquant Investment LP lifted its holdings in Oracle by 1,874.8% during the 3rd quarter. Trexquant Investment LP now owns 100,219 shares of the enterprise software provider's stock valued at $5,167,000 after buying an additional 95,144 shares in the last quarter. Thompson Siegel & Walmsley LLC lifted its holdings in Oracle by 2.1% during the 2nd quarter. Thompson Siegel & Walmsley LLC now owns 304,726 shares of the enterprise software provider's stock valued at $13,426,000 after buying an additional 6,366 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Motley Fool Asset Management LLC lifted its holdings in Oracle by 23.1% during the 3rd quarter. Motley Fool Asset Management LLC now owns 53,782 shares of the enterprise software provider's stock valued at $2,773,000 after buying an additional 10,083 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 50.98% of the company's stock.\nAbout Oracle\nOracle Corporation develops, manufactures, markets, sells, hosts, and supports application, platform, and infrastructure solutions for information technology (IT) environments worldwide. The company provides services in three primary layers of the cloud: Software as a Service, Platform as a Service, and Infrastructure as a Service.\nGet a free copy of the Zacks research report on Oracle (ORCL)\nFor more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Oracle analysts' ratings for Oracle and related companies daily email newsletter. \u00ab", "URL": "https://www.thelincolnianonline.com/2019/01/03/oracle-orcl-given-hold-rating-at-zacks-investment-research.html"}, {"Title": "Google can\u2019t fix its cloud with acquisitions", "Text": "Twitter\nGoogle on Thursday made another acquisition for its cloud computing business that competes with Amazon.com. Each deal it does is a reminder of Google's failures so far in this lucrative field and a potential warning sign to the software specialists that have thrived in the last decade.\nAlphabet, Google's parent company, said on Thursday that it was spending US$2.6 billion to buy Looker, which sells software to help businesses wrangle their data, make charts or other visualisations out of it and glean insights that can improve their operations. This is not a new category of software, but the proliferation of cloud computing and simpler software accessed over the Web has given rise to a flood of data analysis software specialists including Tableau Software, Qlik Technologies and Domo.\nThe acquisition is Alphabet's largest since it announced a purchase of Internet connected home device company Nest more than five years ago. Notably, it is also the first big deal since Thomas Kurian, a longtime Oracle executive, took over Google's operation that sells technologies to corporations. Kurian oversees the versions of Gmail and Google Docs document software for corporate use, along with sophisticated technologies that let companies' digital information ride on Google's global network of computer centres and artificial intelligence technologies. The acquisition is Alphabet's largest since it announced a purchase of Internet connected home device company Nest more than five years ago\nKurian's predecessor also made multiple acquisitions to bolster Google's offerings for corporations. It's not clear from the outside how those acquired companies have fared, but it is clear that despite years of efforts, Google still hasn't measured up to competitors including Amazon Web Services and Microsoft. All of Google's resources and smarts have not been enough to find solid footing in the $2 trillion annual market for technologies purchased by companies.\nIt's not enough for Google to sell cloud computing to the likes of Snapchat and Spotify. Like just about every seller of IT, Google wants the big fish: banks, health care companies, oil and gas titans, governments and large retailers. Those are the biggest spenders on IT, and Google isn't quite in their top tier of technology vendors.\nKurian has talked about his road map to improve Google's success in corporate technology, and it sounds like a classic road map for corporate focused technology sellers: train specialists to focus on the needs of particular industries such as retail or energy and build more alliances with the middlemen firms that help companies stitch together all their IT. Kurian's predecessor more or less articulated the same strategy. A priority\nDespite Google's inability to join Amazon and Microsoft in the IT sellers' big leagues, executives have said that Kurian's business software operation is one of the fastest growing parts of the company, and it is clearly a priority for a company with limitless resources and powerful technology. Alphabet executives continue to highlight the increased spending on engineers and other resources for Google's cloud computing operation. Google isn't likely to give up trying to crack the massive IT industry.\nAnd that should be worrying to the specialist firms that have thrived in the last decade as start up financiers poured money into business software challengers and as corporations realised they needed to upgrade their technologies to stay ahead, pare costs and continue to grow.\nRelatively young companies that focus on software for businesses \u2014 think Workday, Atlassian, ServiceNow, Veeva and Slack \u2014 have been one of the most beloved investment categories. They have grown like weeds as they've capitalised on demand among corporations or their workers for better, easier to use technologies, and as changes in software have made it easier to create digital tools for just about every type of function inside a company.\nThe big unknown is what happens to these software specialists in the future. When or if there is a broad economic downturn, will companies re evaluate what might be dozens of cheques they write each month for specialist software? Will Slack or Domo or Box suddenly seem frivolous if budgets tighten?\nThat is one advantage the corporate IT titans have over these relative upstarts: Microsoft, Oracle and AWS \u2014 and maybe even Google \u2014 are hard to ditch when times are tough. And they can effectively toss in a Slack like or a Tableau like product for free to customers that are wavering.\nThe corporate software specialists have won the last decade. The next decade, however, might belong to the software supermarkets. \u2014 (c) 2019 Bloomberg LP", "URL": "https://techcentral.co.za/google-cant-fix-its-cloud-with-acquisitions/90106/"}, {"Title": "Microsoft Shows The Fast Follower Model Still Works With OpenAI Investment", "Text": "Recent news has reported on the $1 billion investment Microsoft has made in OpenAI. This is a good time to circle back to the old issue of \"dinosaurs\". In every new tech wave I've seen, folks in the leading edge companies have shrugged off the older, more established firms as dinosaurs \u2013 slow movers who can be safely avoided and then ignored. Early advocates of artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) have repeated that error. For AI/ML to succeed, startups and leading edge technologist need to understand that they have to work with business, including the larger companies, to expand the use of the technology into the wider markets. Much of the AI revolution of the last decade hasn't been because of new AI knowledge, but because of the growth of cloud computing. The performance of scale out architecture provided the capacity to run many of the ideas that previously only remained concepts. That is a key reason that Amazon and Google have been early leaders in the ML movement. They both wanted the analytical capabilities of AI/ML for managing their own businesses and had the cloud capacity developed for their own businesses that supported the initiatives.\nToo many people at the forefront of technology think that history is only about companies that quickly succeeded based on innovation, and then displaced the previous leading firms. That ignores the category mentioned above, the fast follower.\nMicrosoft, IBM, SAP, and other leading enterprise companies had successful businesses, so they let other companies, both large and small, experiment and take the risks, while they observed the market revolution. As it proved itself, they began to move in both directions, into the cloud market and towards the incorporation of the advanced technologies in the AI/ML umbrella.\nVisiCalc was the first spreadsheet. Lotus 1 2 3 was the first \"killer app\" on the IBM PC. Today? When people think of spreadsheets they almost exclusively first think of Microsoft Excel. The reason for that success is that Microsoft understood the business customer from more aspects than technology. The company saw the success, created a similar product, and then their message and marketing mix won the day.\nOnly a few years ago, the industry assumption was that Amazon AWS had won and would continue to own the cloud. Google Cloud was expected to have most of the leftovers. However, as a ZDNet article points out, the 2018 annual run rates list the top five, in order, vendors as Microsoft, Amazon, IBM, Oracle, and Google.\nThe latest news about OpenAI shows, the same could be happening in the AI world. OpenAI began, as the name implies, as an open, non profit organization for the dissemination of information about AI, focused on artificial general intelligence. To grow larger, they've created a for profit arm called OpenAI LP. It is to this group that Microsoft directed its investment.\nMicrosoft has already made a large, internal investment in AI \u2013 including in personnel. Diffbot , a company that has built a large knowledge graph and uses AI to provide insight, lists the top five employers of AI talent as Microsoft, Google, IBM, Carnegie Mellon University, and Amazon.\nInvesting in OpenAI LP does two things. First, it provides a very visible additional exposure for Microsoft Azure as a platform for AI. As is constantly shown, marketing matters.\nSecond, Microsoft continues to show that many of the supposed dinosaurs understand the importance of open standards and development in helping generate new ideas that can generate profits. Just as modern analysis shows that many dinosaurs weren't the plodding animals described in my youth, the people who dismiss the larger companies should keep an eye over their own shoulders, as the fast follower model still works.\nYes, business needs innovators, people and companies who will go into new areas and show that real benefits that exist for the market. That does not mean they are the only firms that matter. People forget that Google was a fast follower in the days of search engines and that Amazon wasn't the first ecommerce site. Microsoft wasn't an innovator when it came to early business use of AI, but Satya Nadella is certainly focused on continuing Bill Gates' practice of surveying new technologies and quickly following. Microsoft's investment in OpenAI is another foundation in a strong move to provide artificial intelligence throughout the company's solutions.", "URL": "https://www.forbes.com/sites/davidteich/2019/07/25/microsoft-shows-the-fast-follower-model-still-works-with-openai-investment/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "A T T COMPANY", "industry": "Telecommunications", "segment": "Industry", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Amazon Web Services, Inc.", "intensity": 90.0, "score": 56953, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "Chef eyes hybrid cloud holdouts with new cloud-migration tool", "Text": "GeekWire Cloud Summit, 6/5: Register here! (Chef Photo)\nMonths after it overhauled its entire product strategy around its open source principles, Chef has some new ideas to make money off the looming masses of cloud computing holdouts.\nChef plans to introduce several new features to its newly christened Enterprise Automation Stack, a commercial distribution of Chef's open source projects that the company introduced earlier this year , in kicking off ChefConf 2019 Tuesday in Seattle. They include a new cloud migration tool that can help potential customers ready their applications for cloud computing, as well as a new dashboard that the company says will improve visibility across applications. Chef unveils new commercial product strategy, will now sell distributions of its open source projects\nChef is trying to make its products easier to use, and by extension, easier for enterprise companies that have yet to embrace cloud native ideas to get up and running, said Brian Goldfarb, chief marketing officer for Chef.\n\"When we talk about the Enterprise Automation Stack, this is really our efforts to take a set of disparate products that were working together and bring them together under one distribution,\" Goldfarb said. The overhaul of Chef's products around a new open source philosophy took several months, according to company representatives, and it is now starting to see what current and potential customers want as they modernize their technology infrastructure.\nThe Chef EAS Migration Accelerator promises to make it easier to move aging applications into cloud computing environments by finding all the dependencies in Microsoft Windows applications and repackaging them in a Chef friendly way, cutting down the amount of time required to get older applications into Chef's system.\nThis is an interesting year for Chef, one of the seminal infrastructure as code companies courting data center customers that has had to adjust to the cloud computing era, and fast. The company has gone through some rough patches over the past few years but appears to have righted itself in 2019, touting record revenue in the fourth quarter of 2018 and reorganizing the company around an application focused open source strategy amid a swell of uncertainty around open source enterprise computing companies.\nNell Shamrell Harrington, principal software development engineer at Chef, led that product shift and will discuss that process in greater detail at our GeekWire Cloud Summit on June 5th in Bellevue.\nChef executives are expected to share more details about the new product direction and the company in general during ChefConf 2019, which kicks off Tuesday at 9am PT. Tom Krazit, GeekWire's Cloud & Enterprise Editor, covered technology for news organizations including IDG, CNET, and paidContent before serving as executive editor of Gigaom and the Structure conference series. Reach him at and follow him @tomkrazit. GeekWire Cloud Summit: AI/ML, DevOps, Cloud Migration & more\nHear from Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott, Amazon Web Services exec Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec, T Mobile CIO Cody Sanford, Slack co founder and CTO Cal Henderson, the creators of Kubernetes and many others at the GeekWire Cloud Summit. Plus, it's a great value!\nStay current on the latest cloud computing trends with in depth tracks on AI/ML, DevOps, Business of the Cloud and Cloud Migration.", "URL": "https://www.geekwire.com/2019/chef-eyes-hybrid-cloud-holdouts-new-cloud-migration-tool/"}, {"Title": "Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of May 26, 2019", "Text": "GeekWire Cloud Summit: AI/ML, DevOps, Cloud Migration & more\nHear from Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott, Amazon Web Services exec Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec, T Mobile CIO Cody Sanford, Slack co founder and CTO Cal Henderson, the creators of Kubernetes and many others at the GeekWire Cloud Summit. Plus, it's a great value!\nStay current on the latest cloud computing trends with in depth tracks on AI/ML, DevOps, Business of the Cloud and Cloud Migration.", "URL": "https://www.geekwire.com/2019/geekwire-weekly-roundup-2019-05-26/"}, {"Title": "GeekWire Cloud Summit is almost here: Learn from tech leaders at Slack, Microsoft, AWS and more", "Text": "GeekWire Cloud Summit, 6/5: Register here! Slack co founder and CTO Cal Henderson, Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott and Amazon Web Services S3 VP Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec are among the technical leaders speaking at the GeekWire Cloud Summit, June 5 2019 in Bellevue, Wash.\nWe're just one week away from the third annual GeekWire Cloud Summit , which will feature some of the leading forces behind this incredible once in a generation shift in how businesses use and manage information technology.\nJoin us next Wednesday, June 5th, in Bellevue at the Meydenbauer Center for another great day of speakers, technical sessions, and business insights that will benefit anyone working in or around cloud computing. We've put together a great agenda comprised of representatives from major cloud computing companies and disruptive startups that are shaping the next five years of the cloud.\nHighlights from the agenda include: Microsoft's Kevin Scott , who has seen massive shifts in how people make and consume technology products in his more than 20 years working in technology. Amazon Web Services' Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec , leader of its S3 storage service and a passionate advocate for helping companies store and manage data in the cloud. Slack's Cal Henderson , the soon to be public workplace collaboration company's co founder and chief technology officer, who helped Slack rapidly scale its popular service. Joe Beda, Brendan Burns, and Craig McLuckie , the co developers of Kubernetes, long time open source community advocates, and architects of the future of the cloud.\nIn between those great sessions, you'll have the opportunity to learn from experts like Google's Tara Hernandez, Chef's Nell Shamrell Harrington, and Pulumi CTO Luke Hoban on how to set up your company to take advantage of the DevOps movement or modernize older applications for cloud services in the Cloud Migration track. Alongside those technical tracks we'll also showcase business leaders in cloud computing like Icertis CEO Samir Bodas, BJ Moore, executive vice president and CIO at Providence Health, and Pretti Rathi of Ignition Partners.\nTickets are on sale for the GeekWire Cloud Summit here. It is our most technical conference of the year, drawing more than 600 technology leaders to discuss what's next in cloud computing and learn insights from those who've been in the trenches.\nThere aren't many cloud computing conferences that are produced outside of the cloud vendors themselves, and the GeekWire Cloud Summit is a great value for engineers, developers, CIOs, CTOs and other business and tech leaders to dive deeper into the most important technologies behind the cloud.\nA big thanks to F5 , which is serving as the 2019 GeekWire Cloud Summit title sponsor. Also, thanks to gold, silver and supporting sponsors: Vulcan , Acumatica , City of Bellevue , Algorithmia , OpenSquare , Wave Business , First Tech Federal Credit Union , Niantic , Avalara , Bellevue College , MongoDB , Kazuhm , CloudHealth , TLG Learning , Talent Reach , and FlyHomes.\nIf you are interested in sponsoring this year's GeekWire Cloud Summit, please contact our business team at. Tom Krazit, GeekWire's Cloud & Enterprise Editor, covered technology for news organizations including IDG, CNET, and paidContent before serving as executive editor of Gigaom and the Structure conference series. Reach him at and follow him @tomkrazit. GeekWire Cloud Summit: AI/ML, DevOps, Cloud Migration & more\nHear from Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott, Amazon Web Services exec Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec, T Mobile CIO Cody Sanford, Slack co founder and CTO Cal Henderson, the creators of Kubernetes and many others at the GeekWire Cloud Summit. Plus, it's a great value!\nStay current on the latest cloud computing trends with in depth tracks on AI/ML, DevOps, Business of the Cloud and Cloud Migration.", "URL": "https://www.geekwire.com/2019/geekwires-cloud-summit-almost-learn-tech-leaders-slack-microsoft-aws/"}, {"Title": "Report: Oracle lays off hundreds from its Seattle office as its cloud strategy remains grounded", "Text": "GeekWire Cloud Summit, 6/5: Register here! Larry Ellison, Oracle's co founder and CTO, speaks at Oracle OpenWorld 2018. (Oracle Photo)\nOver the last few weeks and months, Oracle has laid off hundreds of employees at the Seattle office once viewed as the future of its cloud computing strategy, according to a report.\nBusiness Insider reported last week that the Seattle layoffs, said to involve 300 people, came as part of broader cuts across Oracle's cloud teams said to involve as many as several thousand job cuts across the broader company. But the Seattle cuts are notable given the mission that group was assigned; to make Oracle relevant in cloud computing using talent from Cloud City. Instead of a real check on the growing power of Amazon Web Services, Oracle's Larry Ellison offers nothing but words\nAn Oracle representative did not respond to a request for comment.\nThe report pointed to infighting between the Seattle group and a similar group based in the Bay Area working on cloud infrastructure, which jives with reports that suggested new Google Cloud CEO Thomas Kurian left Oracle last year after 22 years at the company following disputes with Oracle co founder and chief technology officer Larry Ellison over the right direction for Oracle's cloud efforts. For years now, Oracle has said it wants to compete with the likes of Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and Google in infrastructure cloud computing, but it hasn't made any recognizable progress toward that goal and decided last year to make it more difficult to assess the financial performance of its cloud efforts.\nWhile Oracle has been able to justify throwing big salaries at Seattle based cloud talent , it apparently can't afford to make the massive investments in server hardware needed to match the computing power of the Big Three. Business Insider suggested that Oracle's Bay Area and Seattle cloud teams find themselves competing for hardware resources that can take weeks, if not months, to arrive: in March Oracle reported spending 14 percent less on hardware in its third fiscal quarter. Tom Krazit, GeekWire's Cloud & Enterprise Editor, covered technology for news organizations including IDG, CNET, and paidContent before serving as executive editor of Gigaom and the Structure conference series. Reach him at and follow him @tomkrazit. GeekWire Cloud Summit: AI/ML, DevOps, Cloud Migration & more\nHear from Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott, Amazon Web Services exec Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec, T Mobile CIO Cody Sanford, Slack co founder and CTO Cal Henderson, the creators of Kubernetes and many others at the GeekWire Cloud Summit. Plus, it's a great value!\nStay current on the latest cloud computing trends with in depth tracks on AI/ML, DevOps, Business of the Cloud and Cloud Migration.", "URL": "https://www.geekwire.com/2019/report-oracle-lays-off-hundreds-seattle-office-cloud-strategy-remains-grounded/"}, {"Title": "Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of May 12, 2019", "Text": "GeekWire Cloud Summit: AI/ML, DevOps, Cloud Migration & more\nHear from Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott, Amazon Web Services exec Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec, T Mobile CIO Cody Sanford, Slack co founder and CTO Cal Henderson, the creators of Kubernetes and many others at the GeekWire Cloud Summit. Plus, it's a great value!\nStay current on the latest cloud computing trends with in depth tracks on AI/ML, DevOps, Business of the Cloud and Cloud Migration.", "URL": "https://www.geekwire.com/2019/geekwire-weekly-roundup-2019-05-12/"}, {"Title": "Microsoft rolls out support for tough federal security standards to all U.S. Azure regions ahead of JEDI contract decision - GeekWire", "Text": "GeekWire Cloud Summit, 6/5: Register here! A look inside a Microsoft data center in Cheyenne, Wyo. (Microsoft Photo)\nFederal agencies will be able to use any region of Microsoft Azure's cloud computing footprint in the United States to host applications and use cloud services now that Microsoft has completed a stringent federal certification process, the company announced Thursday.\nMicrosoft Azure now meets the FedRAMP High impact standard in all of its U.S cloud computing regions, not just the special Azure Government regions set up for that purpose a few years ago. That gives many federal agencies a little more flexibility when deciding how and where to host their applications, although agencies working on the most sensitive topics will still be required to use Azure Government.\nThe FedRAMP process is rather involved, and vital for any tech company that wants to do business with the federal government, which spent more than $95 billion on information technology products and services in 2018. That's incentive enough to go through the years long certification process, but such certifications also help cloud sales teams convince companies that are thinking about ditching their own data centers vouch for their security practices.\nAnd it's one of the final steps in an all out press by Microsoft to get ready for the U.S. Department of Defense's JEDI contact, which will award up to $10 billion over 10 years to either Amazon Web Services or Microsoft to build a next generation cloud service for the Pentagon. A decision on that contract is expected to be announced in July. Tom Krazit, GeekWire's Cloud & Enterprise Editor, covered technology for news organizations including IDG, CNET, and paidContent before serving as executive editor of Gigaom and the Structure conference series. Reach him at and follow him @tomkrazit. GeekWire Cloud Summit: AI/ML, DevOps, Cloud Migration & more\nHear from Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott, Amazon Web Services exec Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec, T Mobile CIO Cody Sanford, Slack co founder and CTO Cal Henderson, the creators of Kubernetes and many others at the GeekWire Cloud Summit. Plus, it's a great value!\nStay current on the latest cloud computing trends with in depth tracks on AI/ML, DevOps, Business of the Cloud and Cloud Migration.", "URL": "https://www.geekwire.com/2019/microsoft-rolls-support-tough-federal-security-standards-u-s-azure-regions-ahead-jedi-contract-decision/"}, {"Title": "Does Google really run the most reliable cloud service? Even its own sources are skeptical", "Text": "GeekWire Awards: FAQ for attendees Google's Urs H\u00f6lzle speaks at Google Cloud Next 2019. (Google Cloud Photo)\nThe slide whizzed by during a Google Cloud Next keynote address last month in San Francisco, perhaps a little too quickly for the more than 30,000 in attendance to process the bold statement it contained: that Google's cloud computing service was the most reliable in the business during 2018. That was probably the idea. GEEKWIRE CLOUD SUMMIT Technical leaders from Microsoft, Slack, T Mobile, Zulily and other top companies share inside secrets of AI, DevOps, cloud migration and more at the GeekWire Cloud Summit, June 5 in Bellevue, Wash. Details + tickets.\nThe two analyst firms cited by Google representatives in defense of its claim that its cloud service was out of commission less than Amazon Web Services in 2018 \u2014 industry stalwart Gartner and newcomer Krystallize \u2014 were unwilling to fully support that conclusion in recent interviews with GeekWire. During Google Cloud Next in April , Google's Urs H\u00f6lzle claimed its cloud service was down for 208 minutes and that AWS was down for 312 minutes in 2018, attributing that claim to \"two leading third party research firms\" and going on to say \"this research was neither sponsored nor influenced by Google.\" Google Cloud claimed it was the most reliable cloud during its Google Cloud Next 2019 keynote. (Google Photo, click for larger version.)\nWatch for yourself here:\nHowever, when later contacted by GeekWire, Gartner's Raj Bala said that his company's data showed the opposite: AWS was the leader in global uptime during 2018, available 99.9987 percent of the time, compared to Google's uptime score of 99.9982 percent. That is the tiniest of gaps between the two companies, to be sure, but Google still trailed the cloud leader by a hair, contrary to H\u00f6lzle's claim that \"GCP demonstrated, by a substantial margin, the highest reliability of the three major clouds. It's not even close.\"\nIn the very, very, very small print that accompanied its slides, Google said the data was \"compiled based on downtime data from multiple industry sources.\" Krystallize was the other \"leading third party research firm\" cited by H\u00f6lzle, according to Google representatives, but Krystallize director of partnerships and strategic alliances Caitlin Rice said in an email response to an inquiry that \"the data presented in the slide you sent over does not reflect the source data we have shared with Google.\"\nGoogle declined multiple requests to explain the methodology behind the slide. Cooling towers sit atop a Google data center in The Dalles, Ore., as expansion continues. (GeekWire Photo / Tom Krazit)\nThe marketing departments of Silicon Valley have been working magic with statistics since, well, forever, and this is not the first time Google has tried to make an argument it runs the tightest ship in cloud computing. Back in 2017, then Google Cloud CEO Diane Greene tried a similar tactic in the wake of a pretty bad AWS outage, citing a firm called Cloud Harmony in defense of the notion that Google had the best uptime metrics.\nIn an interview, Krystallize founder and CEO Clinton France said that real world evaluations of cloud computing performance are trying to move beyond the zero sum notion of \"uptime\" in favor of metrics that emphasize consistent performance. To that effect, Google topped (by a slim margin over AWS) a recent Krystallize assessment of \"service capability measurement,\" which gauges how cloud service providers \"continue (to) provide continuous, high quality, cost predictable service regardless of location, maintenance, patching, noisy neighbors, outages, upgrades, lifecycle management and other service changes outside of the enterprise customers hands.\" Krystallize Technologies tracks a \"service capability measure\" that evaluates cloud vendors on whether they're delivering what they promise. (Krystallize Photo)\nGartner's Bala also noted that Google tends to perform well in tests of networking availability. \"They tend to have the most capacity of any of the providers worldwide,\" he said, citing years of investments in undersea cables and data centers to support Google's search traffic.\nHowever, it would appear H\u00f6lzle was not allotted enough time in his keynote to get into such distinctions. The slide containing the data also mentioned in the fine print that \"average downtime data includes planned and unplanned downtime,\" which would appear to be a plug for Google Cloud's live migration update service that patches systems without requiring a reboot, but the company declined to answer several specific questions regarding whether that service factored into its data. Tom Krazit, GeekWire's Cloud & Enterprise Editor, covered technology for news organizations including IDG, CNET, and paidContent before serving as executive editor of Gigaom and the Structure conference series. Reach him at and follow him @tomkrazit.", "URL": "https://www.geekwire.com/2019/google-really-run-reliable-cloud-service-even-sources-skeptical/"}, {"Title": "Apptio buys Portland\u2019s Cloudability, adding more cloud financial analysis tools to its belt", "Text": "GeekWire Cloud Summit, 6/5: Register here! Apptio CEO Sunny Gupta speaks at the 2017 GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota)\nApptio has made its first acquisition since its $1.9 billion private equity deal closed in January, snapping up Portland's Cloudability, which also helps companies track their spending on cloud services, for an undisclosed amount.\nCloudability, ranked #63 on the GeekWire 200 , had raised $39.8 million in funding to date, according to Crunchbase. The companies plan to integrate their products to \"focus on cloud/DevOps capabilities including deeper reserved instance planning, predictive forecasting, optimizing workflow integration to CI/CD tools like Jira and Slack and rightsizing based on leading monitoring tools like DataDog,\" they said in a press release. How multiyear contracts with big business are changing the economics of the cloud\nApptio, founded in 2007 based in Bellevue, has steadily grown since going public in September 2016. It offers companies that want to track how much money they are spending on technology services \u2014 which is a lot harder than it sounds \u2014 tools and services that help companies analyze that spending and forecast future spending.\nIn an interview with GeekWire, CEO Sunny Gupta said Apptio wanted to augment its products for hybrid cloud and business management spending with Cloudability's edge in public cloud cost management. He thinks the combined organization offers the cloud computing market a hedge against the power of the Big Three cloud providers: \"when you're managing somebody's cost base they want an independent provider, rather than the provider of cloud services to manage and optimize their spend,\" he said.\nCloud pricing is notoriously complicated, and spending on cloud services is managed by individual departments inside a lot of companies, Cloudability co founder J.R. Storment said in an interview with GeekWire in April. \"For most companies, cloud is still a small line item in the larger IT budget,\" he said, but that is changing fast as older companies move operations into the cloud and start looking at bigger multiyear contracts to manage their spending.\nFor its part, Cloudability co founder and CEO Mat Ellis said Apptio has always loomed as a competitor: \"ever since I met Sunny in 2011 and as the company has grown, I knew we'd either be competitors or partners because what we do is so similar.\" Ellis was in the process of raising a Series C round when Gupta approached Cloudability about joining forces, he said, and the deal came together in about a month.\nLast November, after Apptio agreed to be acquired by Vista Equity Partners, Gupta told GeekWire that the deal would allow Apptio \"to accelerate growth in the private markets, which sometimes can be harder to do in the public markets because of the fickleness or whatever may happen in the public market.\" Cloudability has around 125 employees, Gupta said, which would take the combined organization to the 1,000 employee mark when the deal is completed, expected by Apptio's second fiscal quarter.\nFor now, the two companies will continue to operate separately until the deal is completed, and for a few months after completion will sell their cost management products and services separately. About three months after the deal closes, Apptio will introduce a new product road map that outlines how some aspects of Apptio's cloud spending tools will integrate with Cloudability, Gupta said.\nCloudability's Portland office will remain a strategic engineering center for cloud product development, and the two companies will also combine their separate engineering centers in Denver. Gupta doesn't anticipate a lot of redundancies in job overlap between the two companies, but that's what companies usually say when acquiring a similar startup.\nThe deal is easily the largest acquisition in Apptio's history, Gupta said, but he declined to share specific financial details of the transaction. Cloudability had raised a total of $55 million in equity and debt funding, Ellis said.\n\"Going private has allowed us to have access to a broader set of resources,\" Gupta said.\nApptio has made two other acquisitions over the past year and a half, buying a cost analysis company called FittedCloud right before the Vista Equity Partners deal was announced and acquiring Digital Fuel for $42.5 million in February 2018.\n[ Editor's note: This post was updated several times as more information became available. ] Tom Krazit, GeekWire's Cloud & Enterprise Editor, covered technology for news organizations including IDG, CNET, and paidContent before serving as executive editor of Gigaom and the Structure conference series. Reach him at and follow him @tomkrazit. GeekWire Cloud Summit: AI/ML, DevOps, Cloud Migration & more\nHear from Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott, Amazon Web Services exec Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec, T Mobile CIO Cody Sanford, Slack co founder and CTO Cal Henderson, the creators of Kubernetes and many others at the GeekWire Cloud Summit. Plus, it's a great value!\nStay current on the latest cloud computing trends with in depth tracks on AI/ML, DevOps, Business of the Cloud and Cloud Migration.", "URL": "https://www.geekwire.com/2019/apptio-buys-portlands-cloudability-adding-cloud-financial-analysis-tools-belt/"}, {"Title": "Cray CEO: \u201cMassive cloud vendors\u201d threatened our long-term survival in supercomputing \u2013 GeekWire", "Text": "GeekWire Cloud Summit, 6/5: Register here! Google's satellite view of an Amazon Web Services data center in Northern Virginia. (GeekWire Screenshot)\nCray decided to sell its supercomputing business to HPE for $1.3 billion last week in part because it was worried about the long term impact of cloud providers like Amazon Web Services and Microsoft on its business, its CEO said in a letter to employees after announcing the deal.\nThe decision to merge two historic high performance computing brands came after Cray management and its board of directors concluded that the risks of competing in an enterprise computing world increasingly dominated by bigger companies outweighed Seattle based Cray's potential of expanding its business beyond its traditional customer base, CEO Peter Ungaro said in a letter to employees released to the SEC last week. Peter Ungaro, CEO, Cray (Cray Photo)\n\"With our current operating model, it's challenging to make the investments we need to fully take advantage of these opportunities. At the same time, our size often inhibits us from getting the same prices on components that our competitors do,\" Ungaro wrote. Modern enterprise computing is not a pursuit for companies with light wallets , and while Cray has a great track record inside government agencies and top research universities, there are only so many of those organizations to go around.\nThe independent server market has lost a fair amount of steam amidst the move to cloud computing, as companies that used to manage their own servers shut down data centers at a steady clip. Still, HPE was the second leading server vendor in the first quarter of 2019 behind Dell Technologies, according to IDC , which gives it some degree of market power when negotiating with component suppliers like Intel.\nHowever, most of the buying power in the enterprise computing market has shifted to cloud vendors like AWS and the rest of Intel's so called \"Super Seven,\" which does not include HPE or Cray. Cloud providers are almost exclusively focused on the mainstream market at the moment, not the supercomputing market that Cray targets, but they have the resources to offer supercomputing as a service one of these days.\n\"Additionally, we face the longer term threat of the massive cloud vendors. Making the necessary investments while also delivering profitability over time is a challenge and a major risk for our business,\" Ungaro wrote.\nIn an interview with GeekWire last week , Ungaro and HPE CEO Antonio Neri said that they plan to marry Cray's supercomputing expertise with HPE's strong presence in server markets outside the government and education sectors. The transaction is expected to close within the next six to nine months, and while in the internal memo he said many of the integration details have yet to be worked out, the plan is for Ungaro to lead HPE's high performance computing division under Cray's brand. Tom Krazit, GeekWire's Cloud & Enterprise Editor, covered technology for news organizations including IDG, CNET, and paidContent before serving as executive editor of Gigaom and the Structure conference series. Reach him at and follow him @tomkrazit. GeekWire Cloud Summit: AI/ML, DevOps, Cloud Migration & more\nHear from Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott, Amazon Web Services exec Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec, T Mobile CIO Cody Sanford, Slack co founder and CTO Cal Henderson, the creators of Kubernetes and many others at the GeekWire Cloud Summit. Plus, it's a great value!\nStay current on the latest cloud computing trends with in depth tracks on AI/ML, DevOps, Business of the Cloud and Cloud Migration.", "URL": "https://www.geekwire.com/2019/cray-ceo-massive-cloud-vendors-threatened-long-term-survival-supercomputing/"}, {"Title": "Microsoft updates its database story with SQL Server 2019 and new cloud database features GeekWire", "Text": "GeekWire Cloud Summit, 6/5: Register here! (Photo courtesy Wikimedia Commons user Moumou82 / cc3.0)\nOne of the most fundamental aspects of computing infrastructure will play a key role in Microsoft's Ignite 2018 pitch to developers and customers, with several new database features competing for space alongside dozens of other new services for Azure.\nThe company plans to introduce SQL Server 2019 this week in Orlando, and it will also extend a key capability of its newest cloud database \u2014 Cosmos DB \u2014 to all Azure customers. It will also make it easier for users of its Azure SQL cloud database to automatically scale their needs as their applications grow or change.\nGiven how central the database is to the entire enterprise computing software stack, this is a huge area of competition between cloud vendors and traditional database providers alike. Amazon Web Services offers six types of managed databases and supports several others that customers might want to manage themselves, including SQL Server and Oracle.\nSQL Server has been around since 1989, and the newest version is designed for customers who are managing their own servers and want to incorporate some of the leading big data applications into their mix. Microsoft plans to announce that a preview version of the database that has built in support for Hadoop and Spark, and will also allow users of other databases to query data stored in Oracle, Teradata, or MongoDB right from SQL Server.\nAzure Cosmos DB, one of the biggest cloud products Microsoft launched last year , is ready for the general public to take advantage of its multimaster capabilities after a preview period. Multimaster features unveiled earlier this year at Microsoft Build will allow customers to write data to multiple cloud computing regions at the same time, improving the performance and reliability of their apps. Tom Krazit, GeekWire's Cloud & Enterprise Editor, covered technology for news organizations including IDG, CNET, and paidContent before serving as executive editor of Gigaom and the Structure conference series. Reach him at and follow him @tomkrazit. GeekWire Cloud Summit: AI/ML, DevOps, Cloud Migration & more\nHear from Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott, Amazon Web Services exec Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec, T Mobile CIO Cody Sanford, Slack co founder and CTO Cal Henderson, the creators of Kubernetes and many others at the GeekWire Cloud Summit. Plus, it's a great value!\nStay current on the latest cloud computing trends with in depth tracks on AI/ML, DevOps, Business of the Cloud and Cloud Migration.", "URL": "https://www.geekwire.com/2018/microsoft-updates-database-story-sql-server-2019-new-cloud-database-features/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "Open Source", "intensity": 70.0, "score": 894, "relationshipStrength": "Weak", "news": [{"Title": "Moving to a disruptive network technology with minimal disruption", "Text": "Opinion and analysys of current trends in technology Search Moving to a disruptive network technology with minimal disruption (Image: Stockfresh) Emerging network technologies promise to improve service and streamline operations, but the transition process shouldn't throw a wrench into existing activities Read More: change management Infrastructure intent based networking network function virtualisation networks SD WAN software defined networking\nDisruptive network technologies are great \u2014 at least until they threaten to disrupt essential everyday network services and activities. That's when it's time to consider how innovations such as SDN, SD WAN, intent based networking (IBN) and network functions virtualisation (NFV) can be transitioned into place without losing a beat.\n\"To be disruptive, some disruption is often involved,\" says John Smith, CTO and co founder of LiveAction, a network performance software provider. \"The best way to limit this is to use proven technology versus something brand new \u2014 you never want to be the test case.\"\nSmith suggests limiting risk by following a crawl, walk and run approach. \"Define the use case and solve it while initially limiting the risk exposure to a discrete set of end users for proof of concept testing,\" he says. \"It's always good to ensure that the business case will drive the need for the disruptive networking technology \u2014 it helps justify the action.\"\n\"Starting with a smaller proof of concept in a non production environment is great way to get comfortable with the tech and gain some early operational experience,\" advises Shannon Weyrick, vice president of architecture at DNS and traffic management technologies provider NS1. Before launching any disruptive technology, make sure everyone involved recognises the value, understands the technology and rollout process and agrees on the goals and metrics, he adds.\nSwitching safely to SDNs Software defined networking (SDN) is designed to make networks both manageable and agile. Utilising a proven technology that's been in the field successfully is vital to ensuring minimal disruption around SDN deployments, Smith says. \"On the data centre side, Cisco ACI and VMWare NSX are reliable infrastructure technologies, but it really depends what fits best with the business,\" he observes.\nFull network visibility is essential to minimising disruption, as an SDN installation works out its inevitable start up kinks. \"Having visibility solutions in place, such as network performance monitoring and diagnostic (NPMD) tools, can eliminate deployment errors and quickly isolate issues,\" Smith explains.\nKiran Chitturi, CTO architect at Sungard Availability Services, an IT protection and recovery services provider, recommends choosing an approach that embraces open standards and encourages an open ecosystem between customers, developers and partners. \"Before adopting at scale, be patient in selecting specific use cases like optimising networks for specific workloads, accessing control limits and so on,\" he says.\nStart with the open source and open specification projects, suggests Amy Wheelus, network cloud vice president at AT&T. For the cloud infrastructure, the go to open source project is OpenStack, with many operators and different use cases, including at the edge. For the service orchestration layer, ONAP is the largest project in Open Source, she notes. \"At AT&T we have launched our mobile 5G network using several open source software components, OpenStack, Airship and ONAP.\"\nWeyrick recommends \"canarying\" traffic before relying on it in production. \"Bringing up a new, unused private subnet on existing production servers alongside existing interfaces and transitioning less critical traffic, such as operational metrics, is one method,\" he says. \"This allows you to get experience deploying and operating the various components of the SDN, prove operational reliability and gain confidence as you increase the percentage of traffic being transited by the new stack.\"\nIt's also important to have a backup plan on hand. \"Even the best laid plans need a fallback,\" Weyrick says. \"Make sure you have a plan for alternate transit for critical subsystems should the SDN fail.\" Ideally, such strategy would include automated failover. \"But even a manual plan, thought out ahead of time in worst case scenarios, may prove helpful and increase your confidence during and after transition,\" he adds.\nMany paths to SD WAN adoption There are many ways to take advantage of SD WAN, which applies SDN's benefits to wide area networks. \"Customers can leverage existing infrastructure from vendors like Riverbed or Cisco,\" Smith says. Organisations can also opt for new features added to security appliances, like Fortinet and WatchGuard, or they can leverage virtual forms from SaaS service providers.\nRegardless of the tools selected, Smith recommends piloting the technology at a handful of selected sites. \"Document the lessons you learn and use that [information] to write the MOPs (methods of procedures) needed for site cutovers once full deployment begins.\" He notes that potential adopters also need to understand how the technology scales. \"The pilot may run great, but when you scale up to the number of planned sites you may hit unforeseen issues if you haven't planned for them,\" Smith says.\nSD WAN implies the use of a controller to manage connections between a company's branch offices, states Andrei Lipnitski, an information communication and technology department manager at software development company ScienceSoft. \"To move to SD WAN, the company needs one controller installed in the head office, with a system administrator to manage it, and to configure SD WAN routers, which replace outdated hardware used in branch offices,\" he says.\nSD WAN architectures that support passthrough network setups allow the existing network setup to be left unchanged. \"Once that install is complete, the network should function identical as before,\" notes Jay Hakin, CEO of Mushroom Networks, an SD WAN vendor. \"A good practice is to have a period of time where this setup is left running to make sure all applications and cloud services are running uninterrupted,\" he adds. Once reliable operation has been confirmed, adding additional WAN resources to the SD WAN appliance, as well as adding configurations for any additional advanced features, becomes a staged and scheduled network modification and therefore does not inherit any downtime risk, Hakin notes.\nIBN's unintended consequences Intent based networking technology advances SDN an additional step. While SDNs have largely automated most network management processes, a growing number of organisations now require even greater capabilities from their networks in order to manage their digital transformation and ultimately assure that their network is operating as planned.\nIBN allows administrators to set specific network policies and then rely on automation to ensure that those policies are implemented. \"There's a lot of hype and misinformation around IBN,\" Smith says. \"There's still some debate about what it actually can and can't do so customers need to really investigate and spend time understanding what's real and what's theoretical,\" he cautions.\nAdopting IBN without risking disruption requires a great deal of patience and practice, observes Tim Parker, vice president of network strategy at data centre and colocation provider Flexential. \"The more difficult part that almost outweighs the benefits is moving to ACI (application centric infrastructure) or new operating systems that support [IBN],\" he explains. \"For example, we automated our DDOS scrubbing based on NetFlow data from Kentik and Python scripts that react when a trigger or threshold is reached,\" he notes. \"But it's far from the true AI of making smart decisions based on learning the impacts of the last decision.\"\nAndrew Wertkin, CTO of BlueCat a network technology firm, believes that IBN is far more than a technology transformation. \"It also affects organisation skill sets, operations, compliance/governance and existing service level agreements.\" He recommends that organisations assess their readiness in all of these areas. \"Don't get over your skis,\" Wertkin advises. \"Start small and focused.\"\nLook before leaping to NFV Network functions virtualisation (NFV) abstracts network functions, allowing them to be installed, controlled and manipulated by software running on standardised compute nodes. \"NFV and SDN free networks from their dependence on underlying physical hardware,\" says Bill Long, vice president of interconnection services at data centre and colocation provider Equinix. Instead, network orchestration and control are managed through software, without specialised equipment confined to a specific location. \"Companies can safely connect their networks to applications and cloud services wherever they are and compute resources can be turned up or down as needed,\" Long explains. \"This greatly increases scalability and simplicity.\"\nTroubles can arise when enterprises fail to fully think through their need for NFV. \"A lot of companies are jumping into NFV without first justifying a business case,\" Smith says. \"For example, if the business needs more flexibility at its branch locations, then using NFV to spin up new network services is a great idea.\"\nAdoption disruptions can be minimised by ensuring clear communication between IT teams. \"NFV decouples network functions from the underlying server hardware, which enables greater flexibility and elasticity,\" says Ashish Shah a vice president at Avi Networks, a data centre and clouds application platform provider. \"However, since the server team is responsible for maintaining and patching x86 servers, clear understanding and communications between the server and networking teams will be important.\"\nCentralised policy and lifecycle management of virtual network function is another important consideration for long term success. Managing each instance of an NFV will be cumbersome and can obviate the benefits of the transition to NFV, Shah warns.\nMigrating existing applications will require additional care to ensure that all application dependencies, scripts and policies are accounted for. \"Taking steps to document these dependencies can reduce disruptions,\" Shah says.\nIn the bigger picture, \"whether focusing on SDN, SD WAN, IBN or NFV, it's important to remember that with each new technology comes new tools, training, support and more,\" Smith says. \"Ensuring your teams have the proper tools and training is critical to successful deployments and minimal disruption.\"\nIDG News Service", "URL": "http://www.techcentral.ie/xxLby"}, {"Title": "How to move to a disruptive network technology with minimal disruption", "Text": "Virtualization How to move to a disruptive network technology with minimal disruption Emerging network technologies such as SDN, SD WAN and intent based networking promise to improve service and streamline operations, but don't let the transition process throw a wrench into existing activities. Email a friend Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Your message has been sent. Sorry HP's President's Day Sale Continues With up to 56% off Select Products Deal...\nDisruptive network technologies are great\u2014at least until they threaten to disrupt essential everyday network services and activities. That's when it's time to consider how innovations such as SDN, SD WAN , intent based networking ( IBN ) and network functions virtualization ( NFV ) can be transitioned into place without losing a beat.\n\"To be disruptive, some disruption is often involved,\" says John Smith, CTO and co founder of LiveAction , a network performance software provider. \"The best way to limit this is to use proven technology versus something brand new\u2014you never want to be the test case.\"\nLearn more about hot network technologies Inside Cisco's DNA Center dashboard for intent based networking\nSmith suggests limiting risk by following a crawl, walk and run approach. \"Define the use case and solve it while initially limiting the risk exposure to a discrete set of end users for proof of concept testing,\" he says. \"It's always good to ensure that the business case will drive the need for the disruptive networking technology\u2014it helps justify the action.\"\n\"Starting with a smaller proof of concept in a non production environment is great way to get comfortable with the tech and gain some early operational experience,\" advises Shannon Weyrick, vice president of architecture at DNS and traffic management technologies provider NS1. Before launching any disruptive technology, make sure everyone involved recognizes the value, understands the technology and rollout process and agrees on the goals and metrics, he adds. Switching safely to SDNs\nSoftware defined networking ( SDN ) is designed to make networks both manageable and agile. Utilizing a proven technology that's been in the field successfully is vital to ensuring minimal disruption around SDN deployments, Smith says. \"On the data center side, Cisco ACI and VMWare NSX are reliable infrastructure technologies, but it really depends what fits best with the business,\" he observes.\nFull network visibility is essential to minimizing disruption, as an SDN installation works out its inevitable start up kinks. \"Having visibility solutions in place, such as network performance monitoring and diagnostic (NPMD) tools, can eliminate deployment errors and quickly isolate issues,\" Smith explains.\nKiran Chitturi, CTO architect at Sungard Availability Services , an IT protection and recovery services provider, recommends choosing an approach that embraces open standards and encourages an open ecosystem between customers, developers and partners. \"Before adopting at scale, be patient in selecting specific use cases like optimizing networks for specific workloads, accessing control limits and so on,\" he says.\nStart with the open source and open specification projects, suggests Amy Wheelus, network cloud vice president at AT&T. For the cloud infrastructure, the go to open source project is OpenStack, with many operators and different use cases, including at the edge. For the service orchestration layer, ONAP is the largest project in Open Source, she notes. \"At AT&T we have launched our mobile 5G network using several open source software components, OpenStack, Airship and ONAP.\"\nWeyrick recommends \"canarying\" traffic before relying on it in production. \"Bringing up a new, unused private subnet on existing production servers alongside existing interfaces and transitioning less critical traffic, such as operational metrics, is one method,\" he says. \"This allows you to get experience deploying and operating the various components of the SDN, prove operational reliability and gain confidence as you increase the percentage of traffic being transited by the new stack.\"\nIt's also important to have a backup plan on hand. \"Even the best laid plans need a fallback,\" Weyrick says. \"Make sure you have a plan for alternate transit for critical subsystems should the SDN fail.\" Ideally, such strategy would include automated failover. \"But even a manual plan, thought out ahead of time in worst case scenarios, may prove helpful and increase your confidence during and after transition,\" he adds. The many paths to SD WAN adoption\nThere are many ways to take advantage of SD WAN, which applies SDN's benefits to wide area networks. \"Customers can leverage existing infrastructure from vendors like Riverbed or Cisco, \" Smith says. Organizations can also opt for new features added to security appliances, like Fortinet and WatchGuard, or they can leverage virtual forms from SaaS service providers.\nRegardless of the tools selected, Smith recommends piloting the technology at a handful of selected sites. \"Document the lessons you learn and use that [information] to write the MOPs (methods of procedures) needed for site cutovers once full deployment begins.\" He notes that potential adopters also need to understand how the technology scales. \"The pilot may run great, but when you scale up to the number of planned sites you may hit unforeseen issues if you haven't planned for them,\" Smith says.\nSD WAN implies the use of a controller to manage connections between a company's branch offices, states Andrei Lipnitski, an information communication and technology department manager at software development company ScienceSoft. \"To move to SD WAN, the company needs one controller installed in the head office, with a system administrator to manage it, and to configure SD WAN routers, which replace outdated hardware used in branch offices,\" he says.\nSD WAN architectures that support passthrough network setups allow the existing network setup to be left unchanged. \"Once that install is complete, the network should function identical as before,\" notes Jay Hakin, CEO of Mushroom Networks , an SD WAN vendor. \"A good practice is to have a period of time where this setup is left running to make sure all applications and cloud services are running uninterrupted,\" he adds. Once reliable operation has been confirmed, adding additional WAN resources to the SD WAN appliance, as well as adding configurations for any additional advanced features, becomes a staged and scheduled network modification and therefore does not inherit any downtime risk, Hakin notes. IBN's unintended consequences\nIntent based networking (IBN) technology advances SDN an additional step. While SDNs have largely automated most network management processes, a growing number of organizations now require even greater capabilities from their networks in order to manage their digital transformation and ultimately assure that their network is operating as planned.\nIBN allows administrators to set specific network policies and then rely on automation to ensure that those policies are implemented. \"There's a lot of hype and misinformation around IBN,\" Smith says. \"There's still some debate about what it actually can and can't do... so customers need to really investigate and spend time understanding what's real and what's theoretical,\" he cautions.\nAdopting IBN without risking disruption requires a great deal of patience and practice, observes Tim Parker, vice president of network strategy at data center and colocation provider Flexential. \"The more difficult part that almost outweighs the benefits is moving to ACI (application centric infrastructure) or new operating systems that support [IBN],\" he explains. \"For example, we automated our DDOS scrubbing based on NetFlow data\u2011from Kentik... and Python scripts that react when a trigger or threshold is reached,\" he notes. \"But it's far from [reaching] the true AI of making smart decisions based on learning the impacts of the last decision.\"\nAndrew Wertkin, CTO of BlueCat a network technology firm, believes that IBN is far more than a technology transformation. \"It also affects organization skill sets, operations, compliance/governance and existing service level agreements.\" He recommends that organizations assess their readiness in all of these areas. \"Don't get over your skis,\" Wertkin advises. \"Start small and focused.\" Look before leaping to NFV\nNetwork functions virtualization (NFV) abstracts network functions, allowing them to be installed, controlled and manipulated by software running on standardized compute nodes. \"NFV and SDN free networks from their dependence on underlying physical hardware,\" says Bill Long, vice president of interconnection services at data center and colocation provider Equinix. Instead, network orchestration and control are managed through software, without specialized equipment confined to a specific location. \"Companies can safely connect their networks to applications and cloud services wherever they are and compute resources can be turned up or down as needed,\" Long explains. \"This greatly increases scalability and simplicity.\"\nTroubles can arise when enterprises fail to fully think through their need for NFV. \"A lot of companies are jumping into NFV without first justifying a business case,\" Smith says. \"For example, if the business needs more flexibility at its branch locations, then using NFV to spin up new network services is a great idea.\"\nAdoption disruptions can be minimized by ensuring clear communication between IT teams. \"NFV decouples network functions from the underlying server hardware, which enables greater flexibility and elasticity,\" says Ashish Shah a vice president at Avi Networks , a data center and clouds application platform provider. \"However, since the server team is responsible for maintaining and patching x86 servers, clear understanding and communications between the server and networking teams will be important.\"\nCentralized policy and lifecycle management of virtual network function is another important consideration for long term success. Managing each instance of an NFV will be cumbersome and can obviate the benefits of the transition to NFV, Shah warns.\nMigrating existing applications will require additional care to ensure that all application dependencies, scripts and policies are accounted for. \"Taking steps to document these dependencies can reduce disruptions,\" Shah says.\nIn the bigger picture, \"whether focusing on SDN, SD WAN, IBN or NFV, it's important to remember that with each new technology comes new tools, training, support and more,\" Smith says. \"Ensuring your teams have the proper tools and training is critical to successful deployments and minimal disruption.\" This story, \"How to move to a disruptive network technology with minimal disruption\" Network World.", "URL": "https://www.networkworld.com/article/3343065/how-to-move-to-a-disruptive-network-technology-with-minimal-disruption.html"}, {"Title": "Openwashing Report: It\u2019s Not Just Microsoft, But Microsoft is by Far the Biggest Facilitator of That", "Text": "A weekly roundup looking back at distortion if not intentional misuse of the term \"Open Source\"; Microsoft is still working hard and spending a lot of money to control the narrative (e.g. to limit \"Open Source\" to what's on its proprietary platform, GitHub) T HIS SERIES continues for the third week/weekend in a row. Readers may have noticed that we rarely mention Microsoft in it; that's not because Microsoft isn't openwashing (it certainly is; it does it all the time) but because it's a growing phenomenon much bigger than one single company or a handful of them, e.g. GAFAM.\nMicrosoft's ownership of GitHub is a growing problem. We'll come to that in a moment, but let's start with the Linux Foundation. Here's a new press release from Sysdig [ 1 , 2 ]. Sysdig is proprietary software, but the title of the press release has \"Open Source Team\" in it; that's just for openwashing purposes. \"Falco joined the CNCF in October 2018,\" it says, alluding to a coalition under the Linux Foundation's wing. The members? Mostly proprietary software companies, but they collaborate on some code. Their products? Just proprietary software, maybe with a few exceptions here and there.\n\"Sysdig is proprietary software, but the title of the press release has \"Open Source Team\" in it; that's just for openwashing purposes.\" On we move to LinkChain, which days ago spoke of an \"Open Source Version\". That just means proprietary software with an openwashing slant, e.g. a 'teaser version' or 'trial version'; like the same old \"community\"/\"enterprise\" edition trick, the former being designed for lock in. Open as in locked? Maybe the name \"LinkChain\" serves as a warming; they try to chain people and companies. Akin to Open Core \nThe next example is one that we mentioned a week ago. It's about rideOS and its openwashing by characterising \"APIs\" as \"open\". Some media is still playing along. Also covered a week ago was gross openwashing of surveillance. In recent days we saw many more examples of that. First of all, consider those two articles [ 1 2 ] about TECH5. It speaks of \"MOSIP's open architecture\". The second article says: \"The T5 ABIS is built on an open architecture to preserve flexibility for governments.\" That's not Open Source, so both headlines are misleading. And now comes Microsoft. Its surveillance platform is being spun as \"confidential\" and \"secure\" by the Linux Foundation (which Microsoft pays) and SDTimes helps the openwashing of these back doors , NSA surveillance etc. This is very typical of SDTimes. \"SD Times Open Source Project of the Week\" goes again to Microsoft. They keep doing that even when the projects are closely attached to proprietary software. We're not surprised by this, especially because it's the SDTimes. Microsoft's long history of sabotage never bothers bribed writers, working for publications that Microsoft keeps bribing. This is an issue that bribed media won't speak about. Obviously.\n\"Saying that FOSS projects 'don't exist' if they're not on GitHub is like saying that people 'cease to exist' if or when they delete Facebook.\" Staying on the subjects of Microsoft and surveillance, Twitter is openwashing its surveillance to make it seem or sound or 'feel' ethical [ 1 , 2 ]. It's also worth noting that Twitter is outsourcing its code to a proprietary software platform of Microsoft. How very typical. To quote: \"It just became easier to diagnose runtime performance issues at scale, thanks to Twitter. The tech giant today open sourced Rezolus, a \"high resolution\" telemetry agent designed to uncover anomalies and utilization spikes too brief to be captured through normal observability and metrics systems. Twitter says it's been running Rezolus in production for over a year, and it says it'll continue development on the public GitHub repository.\"\nSo they gave it to Microsoft. We have meanwhile noticed that there's more flawed work based on GitHub data. Janet Swift did an article about it , but she neglected to point out the obvious issue. The data itself is highly biased. As if FOSS projects don't exist or do not count unless Microsoft (foremost foe of Open Source) controls them inside a proprietary software platform that freedom conscious developers reject? Saying that FOSS projects 'don't exist' if they're not on GitHub is like saying that people 'cease to exist' if or when they delete Facebook.\n\"They cheapen Open Source to death.\" Over at TechRepublic, the openwashing of Twitter carries on. It's Mac Asay again. He said he had deleted his Facebook and similar accounts, but not Twitter (where he blocked me because free speech isn't something he can grasp). So now he treats Twitter, a truly proprietary platform, as some kind of Open Source lecturer. He published \"What Twitter taught me about open source\" and the Linux Foundation then boosted him. He calls himself \"longtime open sourceror,\" but he and his employer Adobe are actively attacking Free software and Open Source by making these meaningless. They also pay major publishers to print this crap. So we're supposed to assume that Twitter is some kind of Open Source leader even though it's a proprietary software company? Well, that's how Asay wants Abobe too to be perceived. They cheapen Open Source to death.\n\"The openwashing of IBM's POWER comes along with the openwashing of IBM mainframes.\" A rarer and relatively new pattern of openwashing that we've noticed is \"open\" by association; Marfeel shows the possibility of openwashing oneself and one's proprietary software by giving some money; like oligarchs who give \"some money\" to \"charity\". This pattern is related to one where a company builds a proprietary product on top of an \"open\" stack (not its own) and then seeks to 'inherit' the positive image of that underlying stack. Pure openwashing by AT&T was described here a week ago. Telecompetitor and Container Journal [ 1 , 2 ] amplified that some more. To quote: \"AT&T and Dell Technologies have pledged to work together to advance a variety of open source projects starting with the previously launched AirShip initiative, a management framework that combines elements of OpenStack and Kubernetes to declaratively automate cloud provisioning and lifecycle management for containerized applications.\" Here's another one ; it shows how they're openwashing 5G by associating it with things completely unrelated to it (like OpenStack and Kubernetes). Days ago we explained a similar PR stunt and last night we wrote about OpenPOWER. The openwashing of IBM's POWER comes along with the openwashing of IBM mainframes. These are expensive machines with proprietary software on them (and lots of patents to destroy anyone who actually believes it's \"open\" and OK to copy). So much for \"Open Mainframe Project\" as this new press release puts it \n\"So here we can see how openwashing actually ruins \"open source\", Open Source and anything \"open\" \" Of course there are cases more blatant where the Open Source label is abused completely; this new press release says \"Prey Inc., provider of the cross platform, open source anti theft software \"\nSeems to be proprietary software, but that needs further investigation. In our latest daily links we also included 3 articles about H2O.ai. It received some more funding (in exchange for shared control) and no, it's not \"open source leader\" as this headline put it. Go to their Web site and check; it's proprietary software with limited time 'trial' \nSo here we can see how openwashing actually ruins \"open source\", Open Source and anything \"open\" \nHere's another new example. This is openwashing because it makes it sound like there's code involved, but it's just some registry.\nReturning to examples from the surveillance domain, here we have Google with MediaPipe (more here ). So a component for CCTV like devices and other surveillance products is now \"open\".\n\"It's a browser extension; never mind this browser being proprietary software that spies a lot.\" Google's message: our surveillance is \"open\", hence \"ethical\". Even the listening devices (Live Transcribe). These are just the latest examples. This new example shows how surveillance through/for ads is described as \"open\" and \"transparent\". It's a browser extension; never mind this browser being proprietary software that spies a lot.\nGoogle does its share of openwashing and no doubt future parts of this series will revisit Google a lot.\nNow, what about Microsoft? Same old. Mary Jo Foley wrote about Stormy Peters joining Microsoft. It helps the openwashing. For well over a decade Stormy Peters had served Microsoft in various ways (Techrights wrote many articles about that ), so Peters joining Microsoft to attack FOSS directly as a 'mole' is hardly surprising. Even expected. Love of money dooms FOSS and this is all about money: \"Peters most recently was senior manager of Red Hat's community team, a role she has occupied since November 2016, according to her LinkedIn profile. Her profile says she left Red Hat in August 2019 and joined Microsoft as Director of the Open Source Programs Office in August 2019. She is based in Berthoud, Colorado.\"\n\"Microsoft hopes that the likes of Stormy, Nat and Miguel can help Microsoft control the narratives around FOSS.\" What Microsoft propaganda sites call \"prominent free and open source software advocate\" (in the headline) is actually someone who sold out more than a decade ago ; an associate of other defectors and traitors like Miguel de Icaza. This would not be the first.\n\"Stormy will never be able to make up for such an unforgivable action,\" one reader told us. \"Even if she leaves her motives will be forever suspect. It's a reprehensible and inexcusable decision on her part that also shows terrible problems within Red Hat.\"\nThis reader said Stormy is \"like DeIcaza, a mole going home for rewards.\"\nNat Friedman, an associate of both of them, even got a top job there (the top GitHub mole/role). But this was more or less expected all along. Microsoft hopes that the likes of Stormy, Nat and Miguel can help Microsoft control the narratives around FOSS. It's easier to destroy or abduct FOSS that way. They are 'doing a Nokia'. ", "URL": "http://techrights.org/2019/08/24/openwashing-and-github/"}, {"Title": "Akraino Edge Stack Hits Release 1.0", "Text": "Akraino Edge Stack Hits Release 1.0 News Wire Feed Tweet SAN FRANCISCO LF Edge, an umbrella organization within the Linux Foundation that aims to establish an open, interoperable framework for edge computing independent of hardware, silicon, cloud, or operating system, today announced the availability of Akraino Edge Stack Release 1 (Akraino R1).\nCreated via broad community collaboration, Akrainos premiere release unlocks the power of intelligent edge with deployable, self certified blueprints for a diverse set of edge use cases.\nLaunched in 2018, and now part of the LF Edge umbrella, Akraino Edge Stack is creating an open source software stack that supports a high availability cloud stack optimized for edge computing systems and applications. Designed to improve the state of edge cloud infrastructure for enterprise edge, over the top (OTT) edge, and carrier edge networks, it offers users new levels of flexibility to scale edge cloud services quickly, to maximize the applications and functions supported at the edge, and to help ensure the reliability of systems that must be up at all times.\nAkraino R1 represents the first milestone towards creation of a much needed common framework for edge solutions that address a diverse set of edge use cases, said Arpit Joshipura, general manager, Networking, Automation, Edge and IoT, the Linux Foundation.\nWith the support of experts from all across the industry, we are paving the way to enable and support future technology at the edge.\nAbout Akraino R1 Akraino R1 delivers the first iteration towards new levels of flexibility to scale edge cloud services quickly, maximize efficiency, and deliver high availability for deployed services. It delivers a deployable and fully functional edge stack for edge use cases ranging from Industrial IoT, Telco 5G Core & vRAN, uCPE, SDWAN, edge media processing, and carrier edge media processing. As the premiere release, it opens doors to further enhancements and development to support edge infrastructure.\nAkraino is currently comprised of 11+ blueprint families with 19+ specific blueprints under development to support a variety of edge use cases. The community tests and validates the blueprints on real hardware labs supported by users and community members.\nAkraino R1 includes 10 ready and proven blueprints, including:\nRadio Edge Cloud (REC), part of the Telco Appliance Blueprint Family, REC is a telco grade edge cloud platform for containers. Its main use case is supporting the near real time RAN Intelligent Controller, a new network element that enables external applications to control aspects of the 5G radio network. REC is the first example of the Telco Appliance Blueprint family which provides a reusable set of modules that will be used to create sibling blueprints for other purpose tuned near real time appliances.\nIntegrated Edge Cloud (IEC) Type 1 (Small Edge) & 2 (Medium Edge) is a platform that enables new functionalities and business models on the network edge. It targets telco applications with small and medium deployments of Edge Cloud and supports Arm processors and architecture.\nThe Network Cloud family of blueprints enables hardware configuration and fully automated deployment of multiple edge sites from a remote Regional Controller. Specific Network Cloud blueprints in R1 include Unicycle with SR IOV; Unicycle with OVS DPDK; and Rover, which supports multiple Telco and Enterprise edge use cases including 5G.\nThe StarlingX Far Edge Distributed Cloud blueprint addresses edge and far edge use cases at high density locations such as malls, airports and sports stadiums to support value added services (such as caching, processing, and analyzing data) at these events and locations.\nEdge Lightweight and IOT (ELIOT) supports use cases for IOT gateway and uCPE (SD WAN). Addressing Industrial IoT, smart cities, and uCPE, ELIOT enables a lightweight software stack which can be deployed on edge nodes with limited hardware capacity.\nThe Kubernetes Native Infrastructure (KNI) Provider Access Edge blueprint leverages best practices from Kubernetes to manage edge computing stacks at scale and with a consistent, uniform user experience from the infrastructure up to the workloads, on bare metal or public cloud.\nAkraino Edge Stack is working in an iterative approach with continuous automation and enhancements. Additions and enhancements will be made to the baseline functionality delivered in Akraino R1.\nMore information on Akraino R1, including links to documentation, can be found here. For information on how to get involved with LF Edge and its projects, visit https://www.lfedge.org/.\nLooking Ahead The community is already planning R2, which will include both new blueprints and enhancements to existing blueprints, tools for automated blueprint validations, defined edge APIs, and new community lab hardware.\nLinux Foundation general manager of Networking, Automation, Edge and IoT, Arpit Joshipura, will give a keynote presentation at Open Source Summit China about open source edge technologies on Tuesday, June 25.\nLF Edge will host a workshop focused on Akraino and other LF Edge projects onsite at Open Source Summit North America, August 21 23 in San Diego, Calif. entitled State of the (LF) Edge.\" Support from Contributing Members\nArm Our unique combination of Arm\u017d Neoverse IP, software, and open source collaborative \u200befforts underscore our commitment to enabling developers with the tools needed to seamlessly design and deploy solutions scaling from edge to cloud, said Kevin Ryan, senior director, Software Ecosystem, Infrastructure Line of Business, Arm and LF Edge Governing Board Member. We are incredibly proud to support the work the Akraino community is doing as we help our ecosystem build the next generation infrastructure.\nAT&T Were very excited for the first release and the continued progress of Akraino, said Oliver Spatscheck, former Akraino Governing Board chair and assistant vice president at AT&T Labs.AT&T is proud to be part of this community, and we remain committed to supporting an open source first strategy. Akraino is one of the many success stories of open source, and we look forward to accelerating innovation through collaboration.\nEricsson Congratulations to the Akraino community on their first release and the value it brings to the open source Edge ecosystem, said Martin Backstrom, head of Technology & Portfolio, Solution Area Cloud & NFV Infrastructure, Ericsson. Ericsson is at the forefront of 5G evolution driving innovation across edge computing, cloud native, AI/ML, Automation, Orchestration and supporting and contributing code to various open source projects. In Akraino, Ericsson contributed and validated Network Cloud Unicycle with OVS DPDK blue print and also introduced support for OVS DPDK in Airship. We are looking forward to continuous growth of Akraino to support more use cases across 5G, Edge and IoT areas in the coming releases.\nHuawei Huawei congratulates to the first successful of Akraino. There are many scenarios for edge computing, and the market space is huge. Only truly open platforms can release the potential of edge computing. The open source blueprints provided by the Akraino community provides a collaborative platform for building industry factual standards and fostering a rich application ecosystem to accelerate industry maturity. As digitalization reaches every industry and organization, the edge and cloud collaboration is becoming more important. Huawei is pleased to be working together with partners on the ELIOT blueprint for enterprise edge and IoT gateways, and will further contribute more blueprints. Bill Ren, Chief Open Source Liaison Officer, Huawei\nIntel The Akraino Edge Stack release represents a significant milestone for open source collaborations in edge computing to reflect alignment across industry segments on common integration, validation criteria and tools for solution stacks. Blueprints, also known as common solution stacks, for network and edge cloud use cases will be essential for Akraino adoption at scale. Intel looks forward to helping further drive community involvement and adoption across markets, including Industrial IoT. Imad Sousou, corporate vice president and general manager of System Software Products, Intel Corporation\nJuniper The momentum created by the Akraino and LF Edge communities has been remarkable. In collaborating with other community members, the group has helped drive a fully integrated, deployable stack for the provider access edge for release 1 of Akraino, stated Sukhdev Kapur, Distinguished Engineer at Juniper Networks. Akraino is a diverse community whose charter is to drive multiple edge use cases and provide end to end fully integrated and tested solutions that are reproducible and deployable. I applaud my fellow Technical Steering Committee Members whose contributions will surely help drive innovation of cloud native capabilities at the edge of production networks.\nMobiledgeX We at MobiledgeX are excited to be an active contributor to the Akraino R1 blueprints and to be leading the Developer API subgroup. We will contribute our own developer facing APIs and ensure applications can easily discover and take advantage of the Akraino powered Edge infrastructure, said Sunay Tripathi, chief technology officer, MobiledgeX.\nNokia Nokia celebrates the Release 1 of Akraino and the Radio Edge Cloud (REC) project. Nokia brings to REC its long experience in building network elements, creating a telco grade container platform that is optimal for edge cloud deployments, such as O RANs RAN Intelligent Controller (RIC). We are proud to be members of Akraino and to participate in creating key pieces of the future Radio Access. Tommi Hiltunen, head of Cloud Infrastructure R&D at Nokia Mobile Networks, Cloud RAN\nNTT LF Edge has accelerated edge innovation effectively engaging traditional telecom service providers, leading edge IoT developers and other networked stakeholders in open source projects. We regard LF Edge as one of the most essential open ecosystems for cross industry collaboration in the 5G era. Akraino Release 1 is the first major step towards encouraging deployment of innovative edge architecture and implementation of 5G use cases. We actively promote edge computing strategy and collaborative development within the Akraino project and are looking forward to LF Edges continued progress with the support from the Community. Yukari Tsuji, vice president, head of NTT Network Technology Laboratories, NTT Corp.\nRed Hat Red Hat congratulates The Linux Foundation Edge and the Akraino open source community for achieving this important milestone. We are encouraged by the progress of the efforts in the Akraino project and we will continue to support its continued evolution and progress in the project as well as through our related contributions to VCO with OPNFV, and our continued efforts to make NFVI manageable at the network edge. We look forward to helping build solutions in the very important areas of Edge and IoT. Tom Nadeau, technical director, NFV, RedHat\nSeagate Seagate congratulates the LFEdge community on this successful release, which is a key milestone in driving the edge architecture and doing that with a true partnership approach. Building a flexible solution that enables businesses across industries to adapt and grow is critical to Seagate. We are excited to be working alongside the community to advance the architecture of the edge, and to drive data management best practices. John Morris, chief technology officer, Seagate\nWind River The StarlingX project has defined a Far Edge Distributed Cloud blueprint that provides a fully featured cloud for distributed edge use cases. Were looking forward to further collaborating with the Akraino community, the LF Edge and other upstream communities to innovate and solve critical problems for the edge. The Far Edge Distributed Cloud blueprint integrates StarlingX with the EdgeX Foundry core APIs and is a good example of collaboration between edge projects, each providing key capabilities. Glenn Seiler, vice president, Open Source Strategy, Wind River", "URL": "https://www.lightreading.com/the-edge/akraino-edge-stack-hits-release-10/d/d-id/752037"}, {"Title": "At SCTE-ISBE Cable-Tec Expo, Comcast's Werner and Zelesko talk virtualization, culture and the edge", "Text": "Comcast is farther along the virtualization path than you might think, largely due its X1 video platform that turned 10 this year.\nWhile AT&T traces its virtualization roots to its Domain 2.0 whitepaper in 2013, along with the announcement the following year that it would have 75% of its network functions virtualized by next year, Comcast's virtualization effort started in 2009. Tony Werner, Comcast\nIn 2009, rumors started to percolate at trade shows about Comcast's next gen video platform, which at the time was called Excalibur before it was later renamed X1. In 2012, Comcast's cloud based X1 video service came out of cloaking mode at the NCTA's The Cable Show during an onstage presentation by Chairman and CEO Brian Roberts.\nThe XI platform, which initially supported QAM and IP video services, has been a game changer for Comcast in its battle to reduce churn by its video subscribers. Other cable operators, such as Shaw Communications, Cox Communications, Rogers Communications and Videotron, have since licensed the X1 platform.\nOn the sidelines of last week's SCTE ISBE Cable Tec Expo in New Orleans, Comcast's Tony Werner and Matt Zelesko spoke to FierceTelecom about the company's virtualization efforts, Comcast's cultural transformation and the edge.\n\"Our path on virtualization started quite awhile back, and it started really when we did the X1 platform.\" said Werner, president, technology, product, Xperience organization at Comcast Cable. \"All of that is virtualized. The reason we did that is because we wanted a video platform where we could move incredibly fast, and that's what we do. We can make a feature change literally in hours if we want to.\n\"Then as you go into the rest of it, everything goes down its (X1's) path. Certainly Remote PHY in the nodes is part of virtualizing the network. We're well underway on that and consider it the right architectural approach for the future.\"\nWerner said Comcast recently crossed its 100th major release for X1 as the platform continues to evolve with new features such as a cloud DVR and a voice controlled remote control.\n\"It was transformational for us, both from a product perspective, but I think also from a culture perspective,\" said Zelesko who was promoted to his chief technology officer role in May.\nAlso on the virtualization front, Comcast is rolling out virtual cable modem termination systems in its network, but doesn't say how widely they are deployed. Comcast launched its SD WAN service two years ago on its software defined networking (SDN) ActiveCore platform, and has since added other virtual network functions (VNFs), including security firewalls and a managed router, to ActiveCore for its business customers.\nRELATED: Comcast Business beefs up cybersecurity with Fortinet and Akamai\nOn the open source front, Comcast is a member of both the Open Source Foundation (ONF) and the Open Compute Project (OCP). Comcast has deployed ONF's Trellis software for white boxes in multiple markets and has rolled out some open source software as part of its Distributed Access Architecture (DAA) buildout.\nRELATED: Comcast puts open source networking software into production\n\"If we hadn't had the 10 years of experience with XI, all these other virtualization things that we're doing would be a lot harder,\" Werner said. \"I think a lot of things that people don't realize is virtualizing is easy to say, but it really does take a lot of years of culture building, of practice building, of discipline to be able to understand how you do releases, how you do triaging when there's issues, how you do roll back, how you maintain security, how you do all of those pieces.\n\"And unless you learn them with experience over a period of time, it's not something that you just all of a sudden read a book on and do.\"\nWerner said that Zelesko has been a huge champion for changing and building the culture at Comcast. For the most part, Comcast is building its internal teams organically as the company further defines its culture. Matt Zelesko, Comcast\n\"One of the ways we've been really successful is by operating, essentially, as a set of federated startups,\" Zelesko said. \"So a lot of our teams have their own identities and some of those micro cultures.\"\nSome of the teams develop out of acquisitions that Comcast has made. Zelesko said Comcast pulls the teams together every Friday for a few hours so that all of the team members know what the others are doing.\n\"So we've tried to create an environment where even though you've got this federated startups kind of operating independently, we have a framework to learn, and a framework to understand what those (other teams) are doing,\" Zelesko said. \"When you talk about moving fast, when you talk about taking risks, so much of it comes down to creating a blameless culture. One where we understand that there are failures, that there are things that'll happen, and it's how we respond to those things, how we learn from them, as opposed to punishing the team that had a mishap.\n\"So I think that has been the biggest cultural shift. In order to move fast we had to take risks. We take that risk not at the expense of the customer, but we do it internally in a way where we're constantly learning and increasing that cycle for learning.\"\nZelesko and Werner both said broadband both residential and business broadband was fundamental to Comcast's success. Comcast is actively virtualizing its core network functions and its access network to build the best possible broadband network for its customers.\n\"When you look at the virtualization of the access network, we are replacing rows and rows of data center racks with single racks,\" Zelesko said. \"It is more economical for us. It's way more flexible for us. At the end of the day, as we need to reconfigure the network, as we have to augment capacity, we can do it at a much better cost and in a much better way.\"\nAs Comcast becomes more of a national company, virtualization enables the company to be more agile while also reducing its carbon footprint.\nComcast is also virtualizing its network edge. Comcast has seven national data centers and uses a combination of private and public cloud for the majority of its services. Comcast also has 1,500 edge locations, according to Werner.\n\"A lot of things we like doing in these seven national data centers because it's just so efficient,\" Werner said. \"Because they're just rows and rows of common compute architecture that Matt and his guys can turn up VMs (virtual machines), write software in, spin it out and go. And for 99% of the services, we can do it out of those data centers and they're all redundant, they all back each other up in the rest of it.\n\"Then going out to the other 1,500 sites, that's where, as edge compute requirements come and super low latency. We've got the architecture to do it, but we've not announced any plans or anything along those lines.\"\nWhen cable's 10G technology is ready, Comcast will be well positioned to offer lower latency services at the edge.\nComcast is starting to use Kubernetes, microservices and containers in parts of its network. Werner said the click of a button by a consumer using X1 triggers anywhere from 20 to 30 services.\n\"There's a quote I like, which is, 'Now that we've shifted to microservices, every outage is a murder mystery,'\" Zelesko said. \"And it does feel like that sometimes. We've created a team of detectives. When we have an outage, we swarm on it and have a culture that can go and solve that very quickly, which is exciting.\" Read more on", "URL": "https://www.fiercetelecom.com/telecom/comcast-s-werner-and-zelesko-talk-virtualization-culture-and-edge"}, {"Title": "Telecom API Market Findings Released by Mind Commerce, building on Research Since 2011", "Text": "Telecom API Market Findings Released by Mind Commerce, building on Research Since 2011\nOver $400B Market by 2024 Sees Communication Enabled App Marketplace by Carriers like AT&T and KPN as Key to Next Stage of Market Growth. Additional Growth seen from IoT Authentication Often Imitated, but Never Duplicated, the Best Source of Information about the Telecom API Market is found at Mind Commerce\" \u2014 Mind Commerce\nSEATTLE, WASHINGTON, UNITED STATES, Legacy carriers continue to face great pressure to provide high quality enterprise communications and business collaboration solutions. Accordingly, Mind Commerce sees this as an area ripe for leveraging Telecom APIs to offer value added carrier offerings such as team collaboration, telepresence, and unified communications (UC) as part of a Telecom API enabled marketplace.This vision for the Telecom API market is beginning to come true.\nWith the help of leading Telecom API and Communications enabled Application providers like Ribbon Communications, AT&T has recently launched an API Marketplace, which is something that Mind Commerce has recommended since 2011. Ribbon is also working with Koninklijke PTT Nederland (KPN) to support the KPN API Store. Communication enabled apps are typically enabled by way of various Telecom API market resources such as APIs, SDKs, and platforms including those offered in an \"as a Service\" model. Most notable examples include Communication Platforms as a Service (CPaaS) and Unified Communications as a Service (UCaaS).\nMind Commerce sees total global Telecom API related revenue will reach $442.1.1B by 2024. A portion of this includes Unified Communications as a Service (UCaaS) revenue, which will reach $61.9B by 2024 growing at CAGR of 48.0%. In terms of market growth beyond communication enabled app stores, Mind Commerce sees IoT as a huge and largely untapped market for CSPs, which Mind Commerce sees emerging once carriers begin to fully leverage 5G for IoT apps and services.\nMore specifically, we have identified the opportunity for carriers to act as a orchestrator/mediator within the IoT ecosystem. Uniquely positioned as owner of the primary network to be used for IoT, and provider of data services for humans and machines alike, CSPs have the opportunity to provide various critical services such as IoT authentication, authorization, and accounting. This will include use of Telecom API resources to help manage IoT related access control, permissions, and usage tracking.\nMind Commerce has talked to many of the leading providers in this space and also regularly supports the Telecom Application Development (TAD) Summit ( http://www.tadsummit.com ), which has greatly informed our opinions and provided us with unique insights. The entire sub segment of the industry has been impacted by M&A, with many smaller players acquired by larger players such as Cisco. Even medium sized players, such as VoIP Innovations (VoIP Street, Inc.), have acquired smaller companies such as Apidaze.\nNow in its seventh year of covering the Telecom API market, Mind Commerce is pleased to offer the most comprehensive research covering the ecosystem including players, platforms, tools, solutions, and service offerings. We have covered the Telecom API market since 2011 and have been a part of its development. By way of example, AT&T launched their Enterprise Focused API Program ( https://www.prnewswire.com/news releases/att launches enterprise focused api program 224221041.html ) in 2013 based in part on Mind Commerce Telecom API market research.\nThe Mind Commerce Telecom API Market Sizing and Analysis Report by Technology, Application and Service Type, Stakeholder, User Type, Deployment (Enterprise Hosted, Public Cloud, Private Cloud), and Platform as a Service Type 2019 \u2013 2024 provides an in depth assessment of the global Telecom API market, including business models, value chain analysis, operator strategies and a quantitative assessment of the industry from 2019 to 2024.\nThis report evaluates the current state of the market and outlook for the future including analysis and forecasts for the Telecom API market segmented many ways including:\n Globally, Regionally, and Countries Stakeholder Type (Carriers and Vendors) Network Technology (2G, 3G, LTE, and 5G) API Category (Presence, Location, SCM, etc.) App Developer (Carrier, Enterprise, Long Tail, and Partner) Deployment Type (Enterprise Hosted, Private Cloud, and Public Cloud) Implementation (Development and Set up) and by Ongoing Operations Solution (AI, Analytics, Blockchain, Edge Computing, Robotics, WebRTC, etc.)\nTelecom API Market sizing by Service Type includes: Messaging (SMS, MMS, RCS) API, WebRTC API, Payment API, IVR/Voice Store and Voice Control API , LBS and Map API, Subscriber Identity and SSO, Management API, Content Delivery API, M2M IoT API, IoT Platform Specific API, IoT Authentication API, Blockchain Specific API, AI Platform Specific API, Robotics Specific API, Analytics API, Call screening API, Device Information API, QoS (Quality of Service) API, Do not Disturb API, Edge/Fog Device Specific API. Forecasts by Developer Type include: Enterprise Developer, Internal Telecom Developer, Partner Developer, and Long Tail Developer. Forecasts by Deployment include: Enterprise Hosted, Public Cloud, and Private Cloud. Platform as a Service forecasts include: CPaaS and UCaaS.\nAdditional Information about Telecom APIs and Programmable Telecom\nProgrammable Telecom technologies enable businesses to communication enable applications and services. Within the last ten years, leading communication service providers have opened up their networks and databases to software developers and third party companies by way of various technologies, tools, and techniques including Application Programming Interface (API), Graphical User Interface (GUI), Open Source Telecom Software, and Software Development Kits (SDK).\nTelecom API resources provide the means of accessing data for a variety of communications enabled applications such as advanced messaging services, location based Customer Relationship Management (CRM), and more. Telecom Application Developers (TAD) leverage Telecom APIs to access carrier resources to create applications, most of which become available to end users simply by downloading a client onto their smartphone.\nRather than simply acting as a stand alone product or service, communications capabilities are rapidly becoming a feature built into a wide range of apps, experiences, and services. Third parties leveraging these capabilities include independent Telecom Application Developers as well as the likes of Google, Facebook, and various other companies that operate in an Over the Top (OTT) business model, meaning they require little or no involvement from the host carrier. OTT companies only require carrier data.\nFor more information on Programmable Telecom, see: https://mindcommerce.com/insights/programmable telecom/\nAbout Mind Commerce\nMind Commerce is an information services company that provides research and strategic analysis focused on the Information and Communications Technology (ICT) industry. Our ICT reports provide key trends, projections, and in depth analysis for infrastructure, platforms, devices, applications, services, emerging business models and opportunities.\nWe focus on key emerging and disintermediating technology areas for service providers, technology providers, developers (communications, applications, content, and commerce), systems integrators and consultants, government organizations and NGOs, and the financial community. Visit us at https://mindcommerce.com/\nMEDIA: We welcome discussions about our research in support of your news article, blog, or professional industry portal.\nContact us via email at Contact@MindCommerce.com or Call: +1 206 395 9205 Dawn Stokes", "URL": "https://www.einnews.com/pr_news/480606609/telecom-api-market-findings-released-by-mind-commerce-building-on-research-since-2011"}, {"Title": "Akraino Edge Stack Issues Premier Release, Sets Framework to Enable 5G, IoT Edge Application Ecosystem", "Text": "SAN FRANCISCO , June 6, LF Edge , an umbrella organization within the Linux Foundation that aims to establish an open, interoperable framework for edge computing independent of hardware, silicon, cloud, or operating system, today announced the availability of Akraino Edge Stac k Release 1 (\"Akraino R1\"). Created via broad community collaboration, Akraino's premier release unlocks the power of intelligent edge with deployable, self certified blueprints for a diverse set of edge use cases.\nLaunched in 2018, and now part of the LF Edge umbrella, Akraino Edge Stack is creating an open source software stack that supports a high availability cloud stack optimized for edge computing systems and applications. Designed to improve the state of edge cloud infrastructure for enterprise edge, over the top (OTT) edge, and carrier edge networks, it offers users new levels of flexibility to scale edge cloud services quickly, to maximize the applications and functions supported at the edge, and to help ensure the reliability of systems that must be up at all times.\n\"Akraino R1 represents the first milestone towards creation of a much needed common framework for edge solutions that address a diverse set of edge use cases,\" said Arpit Joshipura , general manager, Networking, Automation, Edge and IoT, the Linux Foundation.\n\"With the support of experts from all across the industry, we are paving the way to enable and support future technology at the edge.\"\nAbout Akraino R1 Akraino R1 delivers the first iteration towards new levels of flexibility to scale edge cloud services quickly, maximize efficiency, and deliver high availability for deployed services. It delivers a deployable and fully functional edge stack for edge use cases ranging from Industrial IoT, Telco 5G Core & vRAN, uCPE, SDWAN, edge media processing, and carrier edge media processing. As the premier release, it opens doors to further enhancements and development to support edge infrastructure.\nAkraino is currently comprised of 11+ blueprint families with 19+ specific blueprints under development to support a variety of edge use cases. The community tests and validates the blueprints on real hardware labs supported by users and community members.\nAkraino R1 includes 10 \"ready and proven\" blueprints, including:\nRadio Edge Cloud (REC), part of the Telco Appliance Blueprint Family , REC is a telco grade edge cloud platform for containers. Its main use case is supporting the near real time RAN Intelligent Controller, a new network element that enables external applications to control aspects of the 5G radio network. REC is the first example of the Telco Appliance Blueprint family which provides a reusable set of modules that will be used to create sibling blueprints for other purpose tuned near real time appliances. Integrated Edge Cloud (IEC) Type 1 (Small Edge) & 2 (Medium Edge) is a platform that enables new functionalities and business models on the network edge. It targets telco applications with small and medium deployments of Edge Cloud and supports Arm processors and architecture. The Network Cloud family of blueprints enables hardware configuration and fully automated deployment of multiple edge sites from a remote Regional Controller. Specific Network Cloud blueprints in R1 include Unicycle with SR IOV ; Unicycle with OVS DPDK ; and Rover, which supports multiple Telco and Enterprise edge use cases including 5G. The StarlingX Far Edge Distributed Cloud blueprint addresses edge and far edge use cases at high density locations such as malls, airports and sports stadiums to support value added services (such as caching, processing, and analyzing data) at these events and locations. Edge Lightweight and IOT (ELIOT) supports use cases for IOT gateway and uCPE (SD WAN). Addressing Industrial IoT, smart cities, and uCPE, ELIOT enables a lightweight software stack which can be deployed on edge nodes with limited hardware capacity. The Kubernetes Native Infrastructure (KNI) Provider Access Edge blueprint leverages best practices from Kubernetes to manage edge computing stacks at scale and with a consistent, uniform user experience from the infrastructure up to the workloads, on bare metal or public cloud. Akraino Edge Stack is working in an iterative approach with continuous automation and enhancements. Additions and enhancements will be made to the baseline functionality delivered in Akraino R1.\nMore information on Akraino R1, including links to documentation, can be found here. For information on how to get involved with LF Edge and its projects, visit https://www.lfedge.org/.\nLooking Ahead The community is already planning R2, which will include both new blueprints and enhancements to existing blueprints, tools for automated blueprint validations, defined edge API's, and new community lab hardware.\nLinux Foundation general manager of Networking, Automation, Edge and IoT, Arpit Joshipura , will give a keynote presentation at Open Source Summit China about open source edge technologies on Tuesday, June 25.\nLF Edge will host a workshop focused on Akraino and other LF Edge projects onsite at Open Source Summit North America , August 21 23 in San Diego, Calif. entitled \"State of the (LF) Edge;\" more details are available here.\nSupport from Contributing Members\nArm \"Our unique combination of Arm\u00ae Neoverse IP, software, and open source collaborative efforts underscore our commitment to enabling developers with the tools needed to seamlessly design and deploy solutions scaling from edge to cloud,\" said Kevin Ryan , senior director, Software Ecosystem, Infrastructure Line of Business, Arm and LF Edge Governing Board Member. \"We are incredibly proud to support the work the Akraino community is doing as we help our ecosystem build the next generation infrastructure.\"\nAT&T \"We're very excited for the first release and the continued progress of Akraino,\" said Oliver Spatscheck, former Akraino Governing Board chair and assistant vice president at AT&T Labs. \"AT&T is proud to be part of this community, and we remain committed to supporting an open source first strategy. Akraino is one of the many success stories of open source, and we look forward to accelerating innovation through collaboration.\"\nEricsson \"Congratulations to the Akraino community on their first release and the value it brings to the open source Edge ecosystem,\" said Martin Backstrom , head of Technology & Portfolio, Solution Area \u2013 Cloud & NFV Infrastructure, Ericsson. \"Ericsson is at the forefront of 5G evolution driving innovation across edge computing, cloud native, AI/ML, Automation, Orchestration and supporting and contributing code to various open source projects. In Akraino, Ericsson contributed and validated Network Cloud Unicycle with OVS DPDK blue print and also introduced support for OVS DPDK in Airship. We are looking forward to continuous growth of Akraino to support more use cases across 5G, Edge and IoT areas in the coming releases.\"\nHuawei \"Huawei congratulates to the first successful of Akraino. There are many scenarios for edge computing, and the market space is huge. Only truly open platforms can release the potential of edge computing. The open source blueprints provided by the Akraino community provides a collaborative platform for building industry factual standards and fostering a rich application ecosystem to accelerate industry maturity. As digitalization reaches every industry and organization, the edge and cloud collaboration is becoming more important. Huawei is pleased to be working together with partners on the ELIOT blueprint for enterprise edge and IoT gateways, and will further contribute more blueprints.\" \u2013 Bill Ren , Chief Open Source Liaison Officer, Huawei\nIntel \"The Akraino Edge Stack release represents a significant milestone for open source collaborations in edge computing to reflect alignment across industry segments on common integration, validation criteria and tools for solution stacks. Blueprints, also known as common solution stacks, for network and edge cloud use cases will be essential for Akraino adoption at scale. Intel looks forward to helping further drive community involvement and adoption across markets, including Industrial IoT.\" \u2013 Imad Sousou , corporate vice president and general manager of System Software Products, Intel Corporation\nJuniper \"The momentum created by the Akraino and LF Edge communities has been remarkable. In collaborating with other community members, the group has helped drive a fully integrated, deployable stack for the provider access edge for release 1 of Akraino,\" stated Sukhdev Kapur , Distinguished Engineer at Juniper Networks. \"Akraino is a diverse community whose charter is to drive multiple edge use cases and provide end to end fully integrated and tested solutions that are reproducible and deployable. I applaud my fellow Technical Steering Committee Members whose contributions will surely help drive innovation of cloud native capabilities at the edge of production networks.\"\nMobiledgeX \"We at MobiledgeX are excited to be an active contributor to the Akraino R1 blueprints and to be leading the Developer API subgroup. We will contribute our own developer facing APIs and ensure applications can easily discover and take advantage of the Akraino powered Edge infrastructure,\" said Sunay Tripathi , chief technology officer, MobiledgeX.\nNokia \"Nokia celebrates the Release 1 of Akraino and the Radio Edge Cloud (REC) project. Nokia brings to REC its long experience in building network elements, creating a telco grade container platform that is optimal for edge cloud deployments, such as O RAN's RAN Intelligent Controller (RIC). We are proud to be members of Akraino and to participate in creating key pieces of the future Radio Access.\" \u2013 Tommi Hiltunen , head of Cloud Infrastructure R&D at Nokia Mobile Networks, Cloud RAN\nNTT \"LF Edge has accelerated edge innovation effectively engaging traditional telecom service providers, leading edge IoT developers and other networked stakeholders in open source projects. We regard LF Edge as one of the most essential open ecosystems for cross industry collaboration in the 5G era. Akraino Release 1 is the first major step towards encouraging deployment of innovative edge architecture and implementation of 5G use cases. We actively promote edge computing strategy and collaborative development within the Akraino project and are looking forward to LF Edge's continued progress with the support from the Community.\" \u2013 Yukari Tsuji , vice president, head of NTT Network Technology Laboratories, NTT Corp.\nRed Hat \"Red Hat congratulates The Linux Foundation Edge and the Akraino open source community for achieving this important milestone. We are encouraged by the progress of the efforts in the Akraino project and we will continue to support its continued evolution and progress in the project as well as through our related contributions to VCO with OPNFV, and our continued efforts to make NFVI manageable at the network edge. We look forward to helping build solutions in the very important areas of Edge and IoT.\" \u2013 Tom Nadeau , technical director, NFV, RedHat\nSeagate \"Seagate congratulates the LFEdge community on this successful release, which is a key milestone in driving the edge architecture and doing that with a true partnership approach. Building a flexible solution that enables businesses across industries to adapt and grow is critical to Seagate. We are excited to be working alongside the community to advance the architecture of the edge , and to drive data management best practices.\" \u2013 John Morris , chief technology officer, Seagate\nWind River \"The StarlingX project has defined a Far Edge Distributed Cloud blueprint that provides a fully featured cloud for distributed edge use cases. We're looking forward to further collaborating with the Akraino community, the LF Edge and other upstream communities to innovate and solve critical problems for the edge. The Far Edge Distributed Cloud blueprint integrates StarlingX with the EdgeX Foundry core APIs and is a good example of collaboration between edge projects, each providing key capabilities.\" \u2013 Glenn Seiler , vice president, Open Source Strategy, Wind River\nAbout the Linux Foundation Founded in 2000, the Linux Foundation is supported by more than 1,000 members and is the world's leading home for collaboration on open source software, open standards, open data, and open hardware. Linux Foundation's projects are critical to the world's infrastructure including Linux, Kubernetes, Node.js, and more. The Linux Foundation's methodology focuses on leveraging best practices and addressing the needs of contributors, users and solution providers to create sustainable models for open collaboration. For more information, please visit us at linuxfoundation.org.\nThe Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our trademark usage page: https://www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark usage. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds.\nMedia Contact: Jill Lovato The Linux Foundation jlovato@linuxfoundation.org\nSOURCE LF Edge\nRelated Links https://www.lfedge.org/", "URL": "https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/akraino-edge-stack-issues-premier-release-sets-framework-to-enable-5g-iot-edge-application-ecosystem-300863172.html"}, {"Title": "Cloud Foundry Summit Adds Keynotes, Inclusivity Luncheon and Open Source Contributors' Event to April Conference", "Text": "SAN FRANCISCO Cloud Foundry Foundation , home to a family of interoperable open source projects for the enterprise, announced today additional keynote stage speakers at the annual North America Summit at the Pennsylvania Convention Center in Philadelphia, PA , April 2 4, 2019. Standard registration for the event ends this Friday, February 22 , before price increases by $200. If you are interested in sponsoring the event, please download the prospectus.\nThe keynote stage now features speakers including:\nCharles Schwab's Doug Coleman , Senior Managing Director Cloud Engineering and Operations , will showcase the company's focus on driving a digital future by enabling constant innovation. Comcast's Mike Crisafulli , SVP, Platform & Product Services; Rick Rioboli , SVP and CIO; and Nithya Ruff , Senior Director of Open Source Practice , will discuss Cloud Foundry's role in the customer lifecycle, external communities and the company's business goals. Eirini and Garden Project Lead Dr. Julz Friedman of IBM will do a demo of Project Eirini, which was accepted as an incubating project last year. Project Eirini enables Cloud Foundry end users to use Kubernetes as the underlying container scheduler. IBM Fellow Jason McGee, VP and CTO of IBM Cloud Platform, and Briana Frank , Program Director , will discuss the company's commitment to the cloud through its contributions to cloud and open source. Liberty Mutual's Jai Schniepp , Director of Product, Secure DevOps Platforms , will bring her knowledge to the end user panel as a product maven and agile expert who has spent over a decade partnering with like minded practitioners to introduce CI/CD practices, cloud native solutions, and deliver products that drive developers further up the value line. SAP's Ralf Pannemans, Cloud Foundry contributor , will demonstrate the interoperability benefits of Service Manager, Gardener, Istio, and Cloud Foundry with an end to end demo. T Mobile's Karun Chennuri , Senior Engineer of Security Architecture, and Ramesh Krishnaram , Senior Manager of Platform Engineering, will do a demo on building a chaos engineering project for Cloud Foundry deployments based on their company's internal practice. The Foundation has also released further details of a Cloud Foundry end user panel discussion with c Com GmbH, Liberty Mutual and Dick's Sporting Goods, moderated by TechCrunch's Frederic Lardinois.\n\"Cloud Foundry provides choice, whether you're a developer building great software, a CIO focused on productivity, or an operator committed to efficiency,\" said Abby Kearns , Executive Director, Cloud Foundry Foundation. \"Attending Cloud Foundry Summit empowers new contributors to contribute to the open source project and build solutions with one of the world's most used platforms and gives end users a hands on opportunity to make Cloud Foundry part of their multi platform strategy including containers and serverless, integrating technologies like Kubernetes, Istio, Envoy and many others. A huge thank you to our Diamond sponsors Comcast and Pivotal and our Platinum sponsor IBM Cloud we truly cannot hold this event without them.\"\nNewly added tracks include:\nCloud Foundry for Operators Cloud Foundry for Business Cloud Foundry Foundation will carry on the tradition of hosting a diversity event at Philadelphia event. This year the Foundation has changed the process and line up for the Cloud Foundry Summit Diversity Luncheon on Thursday, April 4 at 12:15 p.m. For folks identifying as \"diverse\" \u2014 whether based on ability, ethnicity, mental health, gender identity, sexual orientation, socioeconomic status, immigration status, or any other experience that varies from the \"norm\" \u2014 Cloud Foundry invites you to share your experience as a panelist during the luncheon by applying to the CFP form by Friday, March 1 at 11:59 p.m. Five panelists will be accepted. This luncheon is co sponsored by IBM; if you are interested in co sponsoring, please reach out.\nFor the first time ever, there will be a half day Contributors' Summit at Cloud Foundry Summit North America 2019. The Contributors' Summit is for new and current contributors to connect face to face and share feedback with each other. This is an opportunity for contributors to help shape the future of our community development. For new contributors, it offers a welcoming space to learn about the technology and build new relationships. Pre registration is required.\nThe fifth Cloud Foundry Hackathon will be held at Summit, sponsored by IBM. The top three teams will receive prizes and first place winners will be announced on stage during the Thursday morning keynotes. More details here. All Summit attendees are encouraged to watch the project presentations on Wednesday afternoon.\nAdditionally, there will be Project Office Hours in the Foundry lounge, where attendees will get a chance to speak directly with Cloud Foundry project leads and developers, have their specific questions answered and find out what new features are in the works.\nMore than 1,500 enterprise developers, architects, engineers and executives from around the world are expected to attend the Philadelphia Summit. Attendees will learn about Cloud Foundry from those who build and use it every day. They will join other developers, end users and CIOs to gain first hand access to Cloud Foundry roadmaps, training and tutorials, and to see how others are using Cloud Foundry to support continuous innovation and application portability.\nFind the full schedule here: https://www.cloudfoundry.org/event_subpages/cfna2019 schedule/.\nRegister online here: https://www.cloudfoundry.org/event/nasummit2019/.\nCloud Foundry is an open source technology backed by the largest technology companies in the world, including Dell EMC, Google, IBM, Microsoft, Pivotal, SAP and SUSE, and is being used by leaders in manufacturing, telecommunications and financial services. Only Cloud Foundry delivers the velocity needed to continuously deliver apps at the speed of business. Cloud Foundry's container based architecture runs apps in any language on your choice of cloud \u2014 Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform (GCP), IBM Cloud, Microsoft Azure, OpenStack, VMware vSphere, and more. With a robust services ecosystem and simple integration with existing technologies, Cloud Foundry is the modern standard for mission critical apps for global organizations.\nAbout Cloud Foundry Foundation The Cloud Foundry Foundation is an independent non profit open source organization formed to sustain the development, promotion and adoption of Cloud Foundry as the industry standard for delivering the best developer experiences to companies of all sizes. The Foundation projects include Cloud Foundry Application Runtime, Cloud Foundry Container Runtime, BOSH, Open Service Broker API, Eirini, CF Containerization, Abacus, CF Local, CredHub, ServiceFabrik, Stratos and more. Cloud Foundry makes it faster and easier to build, test, deploy and scale applications, and is used by more than half the Fortune 500, representing nearly $15 trillion in combined revenue. Cloud Foundry is hosted by The Linux Foundation and is an Apache 2.0 licensed project available on Github: https://github.com/cloudfoundry. To learn more, visit: http://www.cloudfoundry.org.\nContact: Caitlyn O'Connell Cloud Foundry Foundation PR@cloudfoundry.org\nSOURCE Cloud Foundry Foundation\nRelated Links http://www.cloudfoundry.org", "URL": "https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cloud-foundry-summit-adds-keynotes-inclusivity-luncheon-and-open-source-contributors-event-to-april-conference-300798464.html"}, {"Title": "Cloud Foundry Summit Adds Keynotes, Inclusivity Luncheon and Ope", "Text": "SOURCE Cloud Foundry Foundation\nLocal end user Comcast joins Charles Schwab, IBM, SAP, T Mobile and others on keynote stage in Philadelphia\nSAN FRANCISCO , Feb. 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ Cloud Foundry Foundation , home to a family of interoperable open source projects for the enterprise, announced today additional keynote stage speakers at the annual North America Summit at the Pennsylvania Convention Center in Philadelphia, PA , April 2 4, 2019. Standard registration for the event ends this Friday, February 22 , before price increases by $200. If you are interested in sponsoring the event, please download the prospectus.\nThe keynote stage now features speakers including:\nCharles Schwab's Doug Coleman , Senior Managing Director Cloud Engineering and Operations , will showcase the company's focus on driving a digital future by enabling constant innovation. Comcast's Mike Crisafulli , SVP, Platform & Product Services; Rick Rioboli , SVP and CIO; and Nithya Ruff , Senior Director of Open Source Practice , will discuss Cloud Foundry's role in the customer lifecycle, external communities and the company's business goals. Eirini and Garden Project Lead Dr. Julz Friedman of IBM will do a demo of Project Eirini, which was accepted as an incubating project last year. Project Eirini enables Cloud Foundry end users to use Kubernetes as the underlying container scheduler. IBM Fellow Jason McGee, VP and CTO of IBM Cloud Platform, and Briana Frank , Program Director , will discuss the company's commitment to the cloud through its contributions to cloud and open source. Liberty Mutual's Jai Schniepp , Director of Product, Secure DevOps Platforms , will bring her knowledge to the end user panel as a product maven and agile expert who has spent over a decade partnering with like minded practitioners to introduce CI/CD practices, cloud native solutions, and deliver products that drive developers further up the value line. SAP's Ralf Pannemans, Cloud Foundry contributor , will demonstrate the interoperability benefits of Service Manager, Gardener, Istio, and Cloud Foundry with an end to end demo. T Mobile's Karun Chennuri , Senior Engineer of Security Architecture, and Ramesh Krishnaram , Senior Manager of Platform Engineering, will do a demo on building a chaos engineering project for Cloud Foundry deployments based on their company's internal practice. The Foundation has also released further details of a Cloud Foundry end user panel discussion with c Com GmbH, Liberty Mutual and Dick's Sporting Goods, moderated by TechCrunch's Frederic Lardinois.\n\"Cloud Foundry provides choice, whether you're a developer building great software, a CIO focused on productivity, or an operator committed to efficiency,\" said Abby Kearns , Executive Director, Cloud Foundry Foundation. \"Attending Cloud Foundry Summit empowers new contributors to contribute to the open source project and build solutions with one of the world's most used platforms and gives end users a hands on opportunity to make Cloud Foundry part of their multi platform strategy including containers and serverless, integrating technologies like Kubernetes, Istio, Envoy and many others. A huge thank you to our Diamond sponsors Comcast and Pivotal and our Platinum sponsor IBM Cloud we truly cannot hold this event without them.\"\nNewly added tracks include:\nCloud Foundry for Operators Cloud Foundry for Business Cloud Foundry Foundation will carry on the tradition of hosting a diversity event at Philadelphia event. This year the Foundation has changed the process and line up for the Cloud Foundry Summit Diversity Luncheon on Thursday, April 4 at 12:15 p.m. For folks identifying as \"diverse\" whether based on ability, ethnicity, mental health, gender identity, sexual orientation, socioeconomic status, immigration status, or any other experience that varies from the \"norm\" Cloud Foundry invites you to share your experience as a panelist during the luncheon by applying to the CFP form by Friday, March 1 at 11:59 p.m. Five panelists will be accepted. This luncheon is co sponsored by IBM; if you are interested in co sponsoring, please reach out.\nFor the first time ever, there will be a half day Contributors' Summit at Cloud Foundry Summit North America 2019. The Contributors' Summit is for new and current contributors to connect face to face and share feedback with each other. This is an opportunity for contributors to help shape the future of our community development. For new contributors, it offers a welcoming space to learn about the technology and build new relationships. Pre registration is required.\nThe fifth Cloud Foundry Hackathon will be held at Summit, sponsored by IBM. The top three teams will receive prizes and first place winners will be announced on stage during the Thursday morning keynotes. More details here. All Summit attendees are encouraged to watch the project presentations on Wednesday afternoon.\nAdditionally, there will be Project Office Hours in the Foundry lounge, where attendees will get a chance to speak directly with Cloud Foundry project leads and developers, have their specific questions answered and find out what new features are in the works.\nMore than 1,500 enterprise developers, architects, engineers and executives from around the world are expected to attend the Philadelphia Summit. Attendees will learn about Cloud Foundry from those who build and use it every day. They will join other developers, end users and CIOs to gain first hand access to Cloud Foundry roadmaps, training and tutorials, and to see how others are using Cloud Foundry to support continuous innovation and application portability.\nFind the full schedule here: https://www.cloudfoundry.org/event_subpages/cfna2019 schedule/.\nRegister online here: https://www.cloudfoundry.org/event/nasummit2019/.\nCloud Foundry is an open source technology backed by the largest technology companies in the world, including Dell EMC, Google, IBM, Microsoft, Pivotal, SAP and SUSE, and is being used by leaders in manufacturing, telecommunications and financial services. Only Cloud Foundry delivers the velocity needed to continuously deliver apps at the speed of business. Cloud Foundry's container based architecture runs apps in any language on your choice of cloud Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform (GCP), IBM Cloud, Microsoft Azure, OpenStack, VMware vSphere, and more. With a robust services ecosystem and simple integration with existing technologies, Cloud Foundry is the modern standard for mission critical apps for global organizations.\nAbout Cloud Foundry Foundation\nThe Cloud Foundry Foundation is an independent non profit open source organization formed to sustain the development, promotion and adoption of Cloud Foundry as the industry standard for delivering the best developer experiences to companies of all sizes. The Foundation projects include Cloud Foundry Application Runtime, Cloud Foundry Container Runtime, BOSH, Open Service Broker API, Eirini, CF Containerization, Abacus, CF Local, CredHub, ServiceFabrik, Stratos and more. Cloud Foundry makes it faster and easier to build, test, deploy and scale applications, and is used by more than half the Fortune 500, representing nearly $15 trillion in combined revenue. Cloud Foundry is hosted by The Linux Foundation and is an Apache 2.0 licensed project available on Github: https://github.com/cloudfoundry. To learn more, visit: http://www.cloudfoundry.org.\nContact:\nCaitlyn O'Connell\nCloud Foundry Foundation\nPR@cloudfoundry.org\nView original content to download multimedia: http://www.prnewswire.com/news releases/cloud foundry summit adds keynotes inclusivity luncheon and open source contributors event to april conference 300798464.html", "URL": "http://www.mylubbocktv.com/story/39994591/cloud-foundry-summit-adds-keynotes-inclusivity-luncheon-and-open-source-contributors-event-to-april-conference"}, {"Title": "ONAP Doubles-Down on Deployments, Drives Commercial Activity Across Open Source Networking Stack with 'Dublin' Release", "Text": "SAN FRANCISCO , July 9, 2019 /PRNewswire/ LF Networking (LFN), which facilitates collaboration and operational excellence across open networking projects, today announced the availability of ONAP Dublin and the addition of six new members. ONAP's fourth release, Dublin , brings an uptick in commercial activity \u2013 including new deployment plans from major operators (including Deutsche Telekom, KDDI, Swisscom, Telecom Italia, and Telstra) and ONAP based products and solutions from more than a dozen leading vendors \u2013 and has become the focal point for industry alignment around management and orchestration of the open networking stack, standards, and more.\nCombined with the availability of ONAP Dublin, the addition of new members (Aarna Networks, Loodse, the LIONS Center at Pennsylvania State University , Matrixx Software, VoerEir AB, and XCloud Networks) continues LFN's global drumbeat of ecosystem growth for accelerated development and adoption of open source and open standards based networking technologies.\n\"It's great to see such robust ecosystem growth with new deployments, new commercial adoption, and new members,\" said Arpit Joshipura , general manager, Networking, Orchestration, Edge & IoT, the Linux Foundation. \"ONAP is now a focal point for industry alignment around MANO, conformance and verification, and standards collaboration. Dublin specifically brings 5G network automation for secure, standards aligned global deployments on any cloud of any size or location.\"\n\"Beyond the technical accomplishments, Dublin highlights the maturity of our ONAP Community,\" said Catherine Lef\u00e8vre, ONAP TSC Chair. \"The relationship between carriers and vendors has grown even stronger through cooperation in many areas, including development, security and integration. For example, Swisscom and Samsung played significant roles in this release. Their collaboration with other carriers and vendors highlights the 'innovate together' spirit that prevails within the ONAP community. Swisscom drove the broadband service use case, collaborating with member vendors of the ONAP open source community in development and testing. Samsung performed penetration tests that identified new requirements that were taken up as a priority by the ONAP Security Subcommittee led by Orange.\"\nEnd User Deployments Drive Commercial Activity with ONAP Dublin\nTelcos and vendors alike announced new production deployments of ONAP during the Dublin release cycle. Major operators leverage ONAP to enhance consumer mobility services (AT&T) and monitor the quality of network management system access across several European countries (Orange). Concurrently, carriers including Bringcom, China Mobile, China Telecom, Deutsche Telekom, KT, Reliance Jio, Swisscom Turk Telecom,Telstra, and TIM conduct testing, PoCs, or trials that may result in additional production deployments by the end of 2019.\nOn the vendor side, Aarna Networks, Amdocs, BOCO, Huawei, and ZTE announced a pure play ONAP distribution or products based on ONAP. In addition, new demos and support services were made available by Accenture, Ampere, Arris, Ciena, Ericsson, iconectiv, Netsia, Nokia, Pantheon, Ribbon, Rift, Tech Mahindra, and Wipro.\nThe latest deployments signal ONAP's continued growth among end users.\nAdditional updates in ONAP Dublin include:\nNew and Enhanced Blueprints: Dublin introduces a new residential connectivity blueprint, Broadband Service (BBS) , to demonstrate multi gigabit residential connectivity over PON using ONAP. The multi release 5G blueprint adds enhancements to PNF support, performance management, fault management (PM, FM) monitoring, homing using the physical cell ID (PCI), and progress on modeling to support end to end network slicing in subsequent releases. The CCVPN blueprint now includes dynamic addition of services and bandwidth on demand. OVP Enhancements: In April, an expanded OPNFV Verification Program (OVP) was launched that includes VNF verification through publicly available VNF compliance test tooling based on requirements developed within the ONAP community. While OVP checks against industry wide requirements, it does not check VNF compliance against operator specific requirements (e.g. VM flavors, dataplane acceleration technologies, and so on). For this reason, Dublin adds a Vendor Software Product (VSP) compliance check in SDC to fill this gap. Standards Alignment: Illustrating the significance of ONAP both as a reference architecture and reference code for an automation platform, LF Networking collaborates with standards bodies (e.g. 3GPP, ETSI NFV ISG, ETSI ZSM ISG, MEF, and TM Forum) to provide reference architectures for standards development. (For more information on how open source and open standards are collaborating, watch this keynote panel discussion from Open Networking Summit North America). More details on ONAP Dublin are available at this link.\nONAP's next release, El Alto, is expected later this year and will include minor requirement updates focused on S3P, among other enhancements.\nNew LFN Members\nThe newest LFN members will work alongside the 100+ existing member organizations to drive development, testing and implementation of LFN's networking projects, including FD.io , ONAP , OPNFV , OpenDaylight , PNDA , SNAS , and Tungsten Fabric. Aarna Networks, Loodse, Matrixx, VoerEir AB, and XCloud Networks join as Silver members while the LIONS Center at Pennsylvania State University is the newest Associate member.\nUpcoming Community Events\nOpen Networking Summit Europe , the industry's premier open networking event enabling collaborative development and innovation across enterprises, service providers and cloud providers, takes place September 23 25 in Antwerp, Belgium. Early Bird registration runs through July 28th.\nSupport from New and Existing LFN Members:\nAarna Networks\n\"5G and edge computing are a once in a generation disruption that will fundamentally transform enterprise and telecom networks. This new world will be software driven using technologies such as NFV, SDN, and cloud computing, and will require sophisticated orchestration, management, and automation,\" said Amar Kapadia , co founder at Aarna Networks. \"By Joining LF Networking, we can collaborate more deeply with the ONAP community and related projects such as OpenDaylight, Tungsten Fabric, and PNDA.\"\nAT&T\n\"The Dublin release represents a major leap forward in third party vendor and carrier support of ONAP,\" said David Lu , vice president, SDN Platform & Systems, AT&T. \"With more vendors now utilizing ONAP to offer new services and solutions, this latest release marks a tremendous win in ONAP's platform strategy and in the continued effort to expand community and industry adoption. Additionally, the Dublin release not only provides many new automation features in support of the DevOps model, but also supports the TM Forum Open API initiative and the BOS Catalyst project, both of which demonstrate the success of the ONAP platform for industry mainstream automation and transformation.\"\nHuawei\n\"We are happy to see the release of the fourth version of ONAP, which is more mature and easier to deploy. The new use case of broadband service (BBS) which Huawei collaborated with Swisscom has once again proved ONAP's powerful platform capabilities and wide adaptability. The telecom industry has taken a big step forward in building a unified network automation de facto standard based on ONAP. We will continue to work with industry partners to make contributions to a more efficient, open and prosperous ecosystem for the network industry.\" Bill Ren , Chief Open Source Liaison Officer, Huawei\nLoodse\n\"By joining LF Networking, we look forward to contributing to innovations in cloud native networking and bringing the communities together for mutual benefit,\" said Sebastian Steele , co founder and CEO, Loodse. \"With our practical experience, we can help LF Networking to integrate a cloud native and Kubernetes perspective into its projects and find solutions for real world use cases. And, personally, I look of course forward to getting to know many members of the community at industry events.\"\nMATRIXX Software\n\"MATRIXX is extremely pleased to join the LF Networking group at a time when cloud native network functions and open source are more important than ever for service providers,\" said Marc Price , Global CTO of MATRIXX Software. \"As a Silicon Valley based company committed to innovation and digital disruption, MATRIXX is uniquely positioned to aid LF Networking members as we advance a new generation of services inspired by web scale best practices.\"\nNokia\n\"With ONAP Dublin release, Nokia has been driving ONAP support for 5G readiness and enhancing the service domains beyond the initial scope towards 5G radio, edge cloud and fixed broadband. Supporting virtualized and physical network functions in all of these domains is key for managing and orchestrating networks and services end to end,\" said Ron Haberman , Chief Technology Officer, Nokia Software. \"The support of open source projects like ONAP, complementing and integrating with our commercial solutions, remains an integral part in Nokia's overall portfolio strategy as an end to end solution provider. Consequently, openness, interoperability, and usability are key design principles we are pushing together with our partners in each release.\"\nOrange\n\"Orange strongly believes that ONAP is the solution to align industry for network automation\" said Emmanuel Bidet, vice president of Orange Labs Networks on Core Networks, Automation and Security. Orange adopts a pragmatic step by step approach by deploying in production a subset of ONAP components to monitor the quality of network management system access in several European countries. Orange also setup a comprehensive 18 days ONAP training to facilitate ONAP adoption in the company. We also see significant move in the community to better align the priorities with the operational requirements. As a founding member of ONAP, Orange is still increasing its commitment to ONAP evolution aligned with our business priorities. In addition to the community OpenLab platform used by 150+ users , Orange leads the ONAP security subcommittee and introduced a new chain tool to improve the ONAP CI/CD process. Orange is also acting to align ONAP with standardization bodies (TMF, ETSI/NFV, 3GPP, ).\"\nSwisscom\n\"Open source software is in the core of most of Swisscom's products and internal systems and platforms. We believe that the LFN projects, and especially ONAP, play a key role in making the telecom industry more open.\" said David P\u00e9rez Caparr\u00f3s, Lead DevOps Engineer, Swisscom. \"At Swisscom, we strive for high levels of automation and seek for a more standardized way to build the next generation of our current net near IT platforms. We are evaluating how ONAP can help us to achieve that goal. As a first step, the BBS (Broadband Service) use case leverages ONAP's automation capabilities to enable our customers to move their CPE with services automatically configured at the new location this helps increase customer satisfaction, while reducing operational costs and complexity in IT procedures.\"\nVoerEir AB\n\"As networks transform to open source it is important that the industry come together to work collectively on clear technical demarcation points to reach the next level of maturity,\" said Patric Lind CEO of VoerEir AB. \"We have, for the last few years, been active in the OPNFV, Open Networking Summit and other open source communities and are excited to take an even more active role. The maturity of open source changes the focus towards the areas of interoperability and production grade networks where we believe VoerEir AB has a lot to contribute.\"\nXCloud Networks\n\"XCloud is excited to support LF Networking and work with the great minds moving the industry forward,\" said Alex Saroyan, Founder & CEO, XCloud. \"We strongly believe that the future data center will encompass, in part, the agility to enable the network to become a part of the computing fabric. After learning from customers for more than two years we are focused on bringing to market the tooling and service required to facilitate this change. By joining LF Networking we are hoping to meet the folks in the industry ready to deliver solutions in line with the vision established by the open networking community.\"\nAbout the Linux Foundation\nThe Linux Foundation is the organization of choice for the world's top developers and companies build ecosystems that accelerate open technology development and commercial adoption. Together with the worldwide open source community, it is solving the hardest technology problems by creating the largest shared technology investment in history. Founded in 2000, The Linux Foundation today provides tools, training and events to scale any open source project, which together deliver an economic impact not achievable by any one company. More information can be found at www.linuxfoundation.org.\nThe Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our trademark usage page: https://www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark usage. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds.\nAdditional Resources\nDownload ONAP Dublin\nGet the ONAP Architectural Whitepaper\nGet the ONAP Broadband Service Blueprint Overview\nOPNFV Verified Program\nJoin LFN as a Member\nMedia Contact\nJill Lovato\nThe Linux Foundation\njlovato@linuxfoundation.org\nView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news releases/onap doubles down on deployments drives commercial activity across open source networking stack with dublin release 300881744.html\nSOURCE LF Networking", "URL": "https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/onap-doubles-down-on-deployments-drives-commercial-activity-across-open-source-networking-stack-with-dublin-release-1028339565"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "VMware, Inc.", "intensity": 83.0, "score": 50399, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "News Roundup 07-24-19: Canonical, ReactorWorks, NAKIVO, More", "Text": "07/24/2019\nHere's a quick snapshot of what's been happening in the cloud space over the past month.\nBT, one of Europe's biggest telecom providers, announced it has selected Canonical 's Charmed OpenStack on Ubuntu as a central component of its next generation 5G Core.\nAtlanta based technology startup ReactorWorks launched the GA of Matter , a cloud automation and management platform for seamless enterprise deployments. The company says the solution is \"built by cloud architects for cloud architects\" and claims it's the first platform to simplify and secure \"complex cloud migrations by providing best of breed automation for planning, provisioning and compliance.\"\nNAKIVO released Backup & Replication v9.0, which adds Windows Server backup capabilities, along with support for Hyper V 2019 and other new features. The company says it combined efforts with NEC to \"create enterprise grade data protection for VMware, Hyper V, Nutanix AHV, AWS EC2, and Windows Servers.\" You can download the new version now.\nVMware Inc. released Horizon 7.9 and CART 5.1 on June 25. Along with minor enhancements, two major features were included: virtual machine (VM) hosted applications and longer lived instant clones.\nPoland based data protection system provider Storware announced the general availability of vProtect 3.8 Update 1, which the company describes as \"Modernized Data Protection for Open Virtual Machines, Containers & Cloud.\" Code named \"Nebula,\" the update includes \"Amazon EC2 backup support with snapshot management and file level restore capabilities and Google Cloud Storage as a new backup destination.\" You can see all the feature updates and added functionality here.\nSoftware defined storage provider StoreONE announced record speeds using Seagate SSD drives and StorONE's TRU S1 solution. The company says \"the StorONE Unified Virtual Appliance configuration with Seagate drives eliminates the storage performance problems caused by server virtualization.\"\nAt its partner conference Microsoft Inspire, Microsoft announced that it had entered into \"an extensive, multiyear alliance\" with AT&T , \"where the two companies will apply technologies, including cloud, AI, and 5G, to improve how people live and work today and in the future.\" About the Author", "URL": "https://virtualizationreview.com/articles/2019/07/24/news-roundup-bt-selects-canonical-charmed-openstack-on-ubuntu-reactorworks-ga-of-matter-more.aspx"}, {"Title": "In partnership with VMware: T-Systems builds virtual data centers with VMware Cloud on AWS", "Text": "T Systems joins Managed Service Provider Program VMware Cloud on AWS as the initial offering T Systems is providing customers with a managed services offering for VMware Cloud on AWS. Together with its long standing partner, VMware, the Deutsche Telekom IT service provider is connecting clients' private clouds with VMware Cloud on AWS. The agreement was signed today by Pat Gelsinger, CEO, VMware, and Adel Al Saleh, CEO, T Systems at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.\n'The cloud world is hybrid, with most companies using multiple platforms and services,' explained T Systems CEO Adel Al Saleh. 'I'm pleased that we are expanding our long standing partnership with VMware by offering VMC on AWS. VMware's proven virtualization software is de facto standard in companies and AWS offers the largest public cloud. Our new managed service offering for VMC on AWS allows our clients to benefit from the AWS cloud while maximizing their existing investments in VMware.'\n'The cloud world is hybrid, with most companies using multiple platforms and services,' explained T Systems CEO Adel Al Saleh. 'I'm pleased that we are expanding our long standing partnership with VMware. VMware is a leader in cloud infrastructure. AWS offers the largest public cloud. Our new managed service offering for VMware Cloud on AWS allows our clients to benefit from the AWS cloud while maximizing their existing investments in VMware.'\nPat Gelsinger, CEO of VMware, said: 'VMware Cloud on AWS enables customers to quickly realize business value from the hybrid cloud , by providing the same architecture and operational experience across private and public clouds. We are pleased to see T Systems offer managed services for VMware Cloud on AWS, empowering organizations to accelerate cloud adoption, modernize their data center environments and increase IT efficiency.'\nWith VMware Cloud on AWS, customers can quickly add a virtual datacenter in the public cloud to their on premise datacenters. The service, managed by T Systems, allows data and applications to be moved between a VMware private cloud and the AWS public cloud. VMware has built a solution that can map a complete data center on top of AWS bare metal infrastructure. With these capabilities, companies can increase their IT resources around the globe quickly and cost effectively without having to invest in their own data centers, and take advantage of existing teams, skill sets, tools and processes (see chart below*).\nAs a Premier level VMware Cloud Provider Partner for five years running, T Systems is strategically and technically aligned to VMware. By leveraging VMware's Managed Service Provider model, T Systems has the possibility to offer a robust portfolio of managed services for VMware solutions. VMware Cloud on AWS from T Systems is its initial offering, with more planned for the future.\nIn November 2018, T Systems began offering Managed Cloud Services for AWS. This highlights T Systems' strategy of supporting its business customers with the intelligent management of infrastructures and services: locally, in the private cloud and in the public cloud.\nAbout VMware: VMware company profile\n*VMware, VMware Cloud, VMware Cloud Provider, vCenter, vSphere, vSAN, NSX, and Cloud Foundation are registered trademarks or trademarks of VMware, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other jurisdictions.\nAttachments\nOriginal document Permalink Disclaimer\nDeutsche Telekom AG published this content on 25 February 2019 and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 25 February 2019 14:31:01 UTC", "URL": "http://www.4-traders.com/DEUTSCHE-TELEKOM-444661/news/In-partnership-with-VMware-T-Systems-builds-virtual-data-centers-with-VMware-Cloud-on-AWS-28063976/"}, {"Title": "VMware (VMW) Q4 Earnings Beat Estimates, NSX & vSAN Aid Growth", "Text": "You follow Analyst Blog edit You follow Zacks Equity Research edit What would you like to follow? Zacks Equity Research Cancel Read More Hide Full Article VMware Inc. ( VMW Free Report ) reported fourth quarter fiscal 2019 non GAAP earnings of $1.98 per share, which beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 11 cents and increased 23.8% from the year ago quarter.Revenues of $2.59 billion also surpassed the consensus mark of $2.50 billion and improved 16.4% on a year over year basis. Strong top line growth was primarily driven by robust performance from NSX, VeloCloud and vSAN product lines. VMware stated that there were 23 deals in the quarter that were worth more than $10 million.Region wise, U.S. revenues (44.5% of total revenues) increased 14.1%, while International (55.5%) grew 18.3% from the year ago quarter.Services revenues (52.5% of total revenues) increased 12.6% to $1.36 billion. License revenues (47.5% of total revenues) grew 20.9% year over year to $1.23 billion.Hybrid Cloud and SaaS represented 10% of total revenues and grew 35% year over year. Management stated that growth in VMware Cloud Provider Program (VCPP) revenues slowed down slightly due to unfavorable foreign exchange rate. Robust Bookings Networking and security portfolio had a strong fourth quarter. License bookings grew 50% year over year and customer base is now more than 10,000. The pace of NSX adoption is impressive. Moreover, expansion within the existing customer base is also good as repeat sales have been significantly higher than the size of the initial purchase value.VMware stated that \"customers are embracing NSX to meet demand for automation and cloud native workloads for SD WAN and for their network and security platform to connect multi cloud applications.\"Bookings and customer adoption of VMware SD WAN by VeloCloud exhibited growth in the reported quarter. Management observed strong traction across retail, financial and manufacturing verticals. VMware stated that the need to improve end customer experience, refresh network, NPLS augmentation and displacement, and cloud connectivity led to continued enterprise adoption of VMware SD WAN.Furthermore, vSAN license bookings grew 60% year over year, driven by strong VxRail and VMware Cloud Foundation.EUC license bookings were up mid single digits, driven by robust performance from Workspace ONE, which is VMware's platform that securely delivers any application to any device.Core SDDC license bookings grew more than 20% on a year over year basis. Bookings were up mid teens year over year. For cloud management, both license and total bookings grew in the strong double digit range in the reported quarter.Compute licensed bookings growth was in the mid teens and total compute bookings increased high single digits on a year over year basis.VMware exited fourth quarter 2019 with almost $147 million of license backlog, which is $3 million higher on a sequential basis. Portfolio & Partnership Expansions, Acquisition Details VMware Cloud on AWS gained significant momentum across all three geographies. The company signed a large deal worth $20 million in the reported quarter. The company added a number of customers, namely Freddie Mac, Nant Media Holdings and the United States Air Force Field Enterprise Data Center.VMware also announced the initial availability of VMware Cloud on AWS GovCloud last November with the first government customers adopting the service. Its CloudHealth technologies offerings have also gained momentum. VMware also announced general availability of integration with Wavefront.In the reported quarter, VMware closed the acquisition of Heptio, a dominant name in the open Kubernetes ecosystem. The company also announced the general availability of VMware PKS 1.3, which delivers support for Microsoft Azure, further enhancing the solution's multi cloud capabilities. Adoption rate for PKS and Heptio was quite strong, with more than 150 customers selecting the service.In connection with the Virtual Cloud Network, the company announced VMware NSX service mesh. The service will help solve some of the most pressing issues developers are facing while building applications based on containers in Kubernetes.Additionally, VMware recently acquired AetherPal, a remote support solution provider. The buyout will help the company provide solution that simplifies digital workspace management.Further, VMware has significant growth prospect from the increasing traction of 5G technology. The company is now working with more than 70 operators, more than 120 production implementation and more than 100 certified virtual network functions.The company is Vodafone's ( VOD Free Report ) primary strategic partner for telecommunications cloud infrastructure services. VMware solutions are used across Vodafone's operating markets around the world. Per management, VMware solutions are live in 15 countries, in more than 50 sites, carrying increasing amounts of subscriber traffic on more than 300 core network functions.VMware also announced expanded collaboration with AT&T, Ericsson and T Systems to support enterprise and consumer customers using technologies, such as SD WAN, NFV and VMware Cloud on AWS. Operating Details Non GAAP gross margin expanded 40 basis points (bps) on a year over year basis to 88.6%. License gross margin contracted 40 bps. However, services gross margin expanded 60 bps in the quarter.Research & development (R&D) expenses as percentage of revenues increased 50 bps to 17.1%. While sales & marketing (S&M) expenses as percentage of revenues remained unchanged, general & administrative (G&A) expenses declined 60 bps.Non GAAP operating expenses as percentage of revenues decreased 10 bps to 51.3%.As a result, non GAAP operating margin expanded 50 bps to 37.3% in the quarter. Balance Sheet & Cash Flow At the end of fourth quarter fiscal 2019, cash & cash equivalents were $2.85 billion.Operating cash flow was $1.01 billion in the quarter, while free cash flow was $946 million. In the previous quarter, operating cash flow was $769 million and free cash flow was $712 million.In the reported quarter, VMware bought $42 million in stock. The company has approximately $834 million remaining under its current share repurchase authorization, which extends through the end of August 2019. Guidance For fiscal 2020, VMware expects revenues of $10.03 billion. License revenues are expected to increase 12.8% to $4.28 billion.Non GAAP operating margin for the year is anticipated to be 33%. Non GAAP earnings are expected to be $6.49 per share.Cash flow from operations is expected to be $3.95 billion, up 8% year over year. Free cash flow is anticipated to be $3.63 billion. The $11 billion special dividend also impacts cash flow due to lower interest income on a year over year basis.For first quarter fiscal 2020, total revenues are expected to be $2.25 billion, up 11.8% year over year. License revenues of $865 million reflect an estimated increase of 11.7%.Non GAAP operating margin is anticipated to be 29.2%. Non GAAP earnings are expected to be of $1.27 per share. Interest income on lower cash balance is expected to negatively impact non GAAP earnings by approximately 10 cents. Zacks Rank & Stocks to Consider Currently, VMware carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold).Cadence Design Systems ( CDNS Free Report ) and CommVault Systems ( CVLT Free Report ) are stocks worth considering in the same industry. Both the stocks flaunt a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.Long term earnings growth rate for Cadence and CommVault are currently pegged at 12% and 15.8%, respectively. This Could Be the Fastest Way to Grow Wealth in 2019 Research indicates one sector is poised to deliver a crop of the best performing stocks you'll find anywhere in the market. Breaking news in this space frequently creates quick double and triple digit profit opportunities. These companies are changing the world \u2013 and owning their stocks could transform your portfolio in 2019 and beyond. Recent trades from this sector have generated +98% , +119% and +164% gains in as little as 1 month. In Depth Zacks Research for the Tickers Above Normally $25 each click below to receive one report FREE:", "URL": "https://www.zacks.com/stock/news/357451/vmware-vmw-q4-earnings-beat-estimates-nsx-amp-vsan-aid-growth"}, {"Title": "Microsoft Making Moves on Amazon's Cloud Crown - TheStreet.com", "Text": "Microsoft Making Moves on Amazon's Cloud Crown Let's review these charts. Stocks quotes in this article: AMZN , MSFT , GOOGL , ORCL , RH , VMW , T\nAmazon ( AMZN ) is still atop the table in terms of cloud customers, but judging by Microsoft's ( MSFT ) gangbusters gains with Azure in recent years, it could have a competent contender.\nShares of Microsoft have shifted upwards on Friday, encouraged by a blockbuster beat on top and bottom lines in its earnings release and continued although tempered growth in cloud infrastructure.\n\"Customer commitment to our cloud platform continues to grow,\" CFO Amy Hood pointed out. \"In FY19, we closed a record number of multi million dollar commercial cloud agreements, with material growth in the number of $10 million plus Azure agreements. Commercial bookings growth was significantly ahead of expectations, increasing 22% and 25% in constant currency, driven by strong renewal execution and an increase in the number of larger, long term Azure contracts.\"\nShe added that Azure revenue increased 68% year over year, marking a significantly faster growth rate than some of its peers. While it does come from a lower base of revenue than Amazon and its pace does appear to be paring down, the still stunning rate is encouraging for overall market share among larger clients.\nWhile Alphabet ( GOOGL ) and Amazon have yet to report their second quarter results, the overall revenue growth of Azure remains among the industry's best given a revenue base nearly twice the size of Google Cloud and continues to gain on Amazon.\n\"We think Azure growth will be in the mid 50% range y/y CC range in FY20, due to a larger revenue base and tough comps,\" BMO Capital Markets analyst Keith Bachman noted. \"We believe that Azure remains well positioned due to higher consumption of premium services and new customer adds. We note that Azure is growing much faster than AWS at similar quarterly revenue levels.\"\n\"Azure is the most open cloud, and in this quarter, we expanded our partnerships with Oracle ( ORCL ) , Red Hat ( RH ) , and VMware ( VMW ) , to make the technologies and tools customers already have first class on Azure,\" CEO Satya Nadella added, highlighting the high profile customer wins for the product. \"Just yesterday AT&T ( T ) chose our cloud in one of the largest cloud commitments to date.\"\nThis agreement alone is rumored to be worth about $2 billion.\nGiven the secular trends, analysts have joined in the adulation, touting valuations on Amazon well north of $1 trillion based on the booming cloud business.\n\"Microsoft enjoys a broad portfolio of strategic products, sits at the intersection of digital transformations and cloud adoption, and CIOs view it as the most critical and indispensable IT mega vendor,\" J.P. Morgan analyst Mark Murphy stated. \"While MSFT shares are valued at a premium on a PE basis, we believe this premium is warranted based upon faster recent organic revenue growth, a relatively stronger position within the enterprise, and our belief that Microsoft has pulled ahead of the pack with a state of the art cloud platform.\"\nThe state of the art nature of its cloud services hinge on its hybrid capabilities, which essentially means that the cloud can be accessed both on premises and accessed through public cloud resources and tweaked as needed. The focus on hybrid cloud separates it from Amazon's long held focus on public cloud infrastructure. In the view of many analysts, the nature of the Azure cloud makes it more essential to corporate IT spend.\n\"Ultimately, Microsoft remains the best positioned name in tech for the emerging Hybrid Cloud architecture, with improving margins sustaining a durable mid teens total return profile,\" Morgan Stanley analyst Keith Weiss said. \"We are taking our MSFT price target to $155, based on a 27X multiple a premium to the broader market.\"\n(Amazon, Microsoft and Alphabet are holdings in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS member club. Want to be alerted before Jim Cramer buys or sells AMZN, MSFT or GOOGL? Learn more now. ) Get an email alert each time I write an article for Real Money. Click the \"+Follow\" next to my byline to this article.\nEmployees of TheStreet are restricted from trading individual securities.", "URL": "https://realmoney.thestreet.com/investing/stocks/microsoft-making-moves-on-amazon-s-cloud-crown-15025856"}, {"Title": "What\u2019s going to make 5G successful?", "Text": "The agility of new services, and the use of network functions virtualization (NFV) and software defined networking (SDN) as the core technologies, will make 5G deployment successful, says Shekar Ayyar, Executive VP, Strategy and Corporate Development & GM, Telco NFV Group, VMWare. Excerpts from an interview.\nDataquest: How are NFV and SDN the key enablers for 5G.\nShekar Ayyar: The definition of 5G derives from the next generation of wireless technology. 5G is a much bigger determinant of a lot more than just the next generation wireless. It is actually bringing together wireline improvement, as well as wireless. It's bringing together IT and telecom networks. A lot more use cases are deployable for enterprises as well as consumers using the next generation architecture for 5G.\nWhat is going to make 5G successful? One of the key things about 5G is: how do you deploy agile, new services on top of the infrastructure, so that you can generate new revenue for carriers and operators?\nNetwork functions virtualization (NFV) and software defined networking (SDN) are the technologies that address this, as well as the security component of 5G. Therefore, there are two very important criteria: one, the agility of new services, and the other is that SDN and NFV will be the core technologies.\nDataquest: What is the role of the cloud in any telecom infrastructure?\nShekar Ayyar : Think about 5G as an evolution of technology and essentially as taking one step further. All of the current architecture that is 2G, 3G or 4G, historically, are more hardware centric. When you think about the hardware centric model it means that your infrastructure operating the network is built on a bunch of rigid boxesthathave not been able to change. The boxes are not able to deploy new services either. That is a non cloud model.\nWhen you think about technologies like NFV and SDN, and then, leading to the telco cloud, these are technologies that take you from the old, hardware centric approach to a new, agile software centric approach. Then, the transition is not dependent on 4G, 5G transition. You can actually go from your old hardware approach to the new software approach even for 4G or prior technology. There is nothing to prevent that. The reason 5G becomes interesting is that a lot of new global sense is going into thinking of how to set up 5G.\nThe investment that you are putting in is often more globally focused on 5G and that's why a lot of conversation is centered on 5G. At the same time, the benefits of the telco cloud, the benefits of SDN and NFV apply equally to 4G and prior architectures on any carriers that want to make that transition.\nDataquest: What would be the USPs on the telco side?\nShekar Ayyar : There are two things that I would re enforce and re iterate. First, the technologies and architecture of the telco cloud are going to not just have a USP around the newly multi utilized agility, as well as security, but they are going to become a requirement for 5G. It's not like you have a choice. If you don't accompany your deployment of the new network with telco cloud underneath, then you are going to have a failed network.\nThe USP from a transition and transformation standpoint is very much going to be around \u2014 faster services around monetization, as well as greater security, than when it translates into what happens to the wireless network, as an example.\nYou can take your wireless network and take concepts like network slicing and deliver more effectively for different types of traffic.\nThe way you can deliver these end to end slices in a secure way is once again going to be dependent upon not just the 5G protocols, but the ability for the underlining infrastructure to be agile and secure. This, once again, goes back to being a telco cloud using technology like SDN and NFV.\nWhen you think about the proposition from an end user or end customer standpoint, whether you are talking about phone or IoT center or perhaps, glasses on your head, all of these devices now have tremendous capabilities in terms of not just high bandwidth and low latency, but a new class of applications that are delivered to that device.\nIf you are an enterprise or a business customer, once again you have a completely new set of choices for even things like connectivity. You rely on Wifi connectivity when you walk into a building or a campus. What if you had a private LTE that powers your entire campus and offers you an alternative to a Wifi. Those are the kinds of things that would be delivered with the new architecture.\nDataquest: How is your solution going to benefit the enterprises?\nShekar Ayyar : Enterprises are today reliant on certain forms of network connectivity that they have been used to traditionally. I will point to two examples, one is MPLS and the other one is Wifi. Enterprises rely on a combination of MPLS and Wifi for broadband as well as M2M communications today. Imagine, you are now in a 5G world. You will have access to SDWAN and SDWAN cloud for better connectivity and IP networks in combination with MPLS service.\nYou will also have the benefit of technologies like private LTE, private campus 5G radio network, etc. That means you could, for example, have sim card connectivity on every device and walk across your campus with computers with sim cards. You may not need Wifi connectivity anymore or you may have a hybrid of 5G and Wifi.\nThese are forms of campus networking that are now samples of branch networking and are evolving in the context of the 4G to 5G transition.\nDataquest: Can you also elaborate on the V cloud NFV?\nShekar Ayyar : If you think about simplifying the architecture, and if you are a telecom operator and you are offering a service based on a 4G network, you are typically a wireless or a wireline provider, or a combination of both. Let's say, you are a combination of both. It means that you have some towers, some base stations, central offices, some fiber connectivity, etc. That combination is what allows you to serve a particular circle of consumer and their cell phones as potential fiber to the home. That's how you operate as a carrier.\nVMware comes in with a vCloudNFV solution. Look at all the boxes you have procured previously that were rigid sort of hardware environment that are running your central office and base station. When you think of the way forward, you no longer need to make the rigid hardware infrastructure investments. You can make more agile software driven architecture with a common foundational technology called vCloud NFV that would become the platform for running all of your network functions.\nYou no longer need box B for function B, and box C for function C. What you need is one common infrastructure to run functions A, B and C as software on top of that common infrastructure, that is going to make your entire network.\nIf you want to launch a new service overnight, you can do that by launching a network function infrastructure. If you want to make changes to your service plan, you can change the way technology operates. That is much easier to do remotely, without having physically going to your datacenter or your point of presence. That's what the V cloud and NFV does in a nutshell. It's a virtualization technology for telecom operators.\nDataquest: What is the TCO of the vCloud of NFV carrier open stack?\nShekar Ayyar : Open stack is essentially one form of managing the underlying telco infrastructure. VMware has a version of open stack much like anybody else's open stack. We take the open stack bit from open source and make sure that it works well in the other environments around. The reason that a carrier would want to deploy an open stack manager is that they can open source bits to make some changes, and want to go and build any applications on top of it.\nThe value proposition and the TCO, the value proposition is around the fact that you can manage your telecom environment using the open stack. At the same time, you can do it in a robust, viable and operational ready way with VMware integrated open stack. Then, the TCO of the open stack is not essentially an independent argument.\nIt's the TCO going through the telco cloud architecture. The TCO of going through the cloud architecture over the course of time of deployment of your network functions, every incremental network functions that you deploy on top of the architecture roughly will require you to have half the marginal cost, prior the network functions that you deploy.\nYou reap more benefits of the architecture by deploying more and more network functions, on top of the same infrastructure foundations.\nDataquest: How does VMware envisage and visualize the telco cloud? How has it benefitted customers across the world?\nShekar Ayyar : Here is a summary of the telco cloud infrastructure. It is a foundation for our telco customers globally. We have 70 carriers globally who are adopting this in some form or the other.\nExample, Vodafone Group has adopted the VMware telco cloud for deploying all of their network functions on top of their network architecture across different countries. They talked about 15 countries that are now operational on the infrastructure. The benefits they see are extremely fast and agile deployment of new services, and incrementally. They are able to get much better cost economic benefits when they deploy more network functions on top of the telecom cloud.\nIn the US, AT&T is working with VMware using our SDWAN technologies for expanding into enterprise branches. They are taking the AT&T value proposition and extending that to the branch using VMware's V cloud SDVAN technology. We have also worked with NTT, Japan on smart city solution deployment, on top of the VMware telco cloud infrastructure.\nThese are examples of reputed and notable carriers globally that are deploying the telco cloud. The cloud itself allows them to go in and operate their infrastructure in a very agile way, where they can consume resources from the cloud very easily.\nYou can also build applications on top of the telco cloud, alongside other clouds. You have the telco cloud operate with public clouds, private cloud infrastructure, and edge clouds in a way that you have a common way of building an application on top of the infrastructure.\nWe acquired a company called Heptio recently and with this acquisition, we now have the capability for Kubernetes based orchestration. Now, you have tools at your disposal as a telecom operator to go and allow people to use your cloud infrastructure in a much more accessible way than the historic telco network which is a closed network.\nDataquest: Can you also discuss the multi cloud and the edge cloud?\nShekar Ayyar : The private cloud is what all of our enterprise customers use within their data centers. At VMware, we have essentially 600,000 enterprise customers who are using VMware technology for building their internal clouds. Then, there are public clouds like Amazon, IBM, etc. VMware has partnered with Amazon to make sure that our customers have the VMware cloud available on top of the public cloud.\nThe third cloud area is the telco cloud where we are working with the carriers. The edge cloud is more information in terms of carriers come in a multi mobile access computing [mac], whereas, there are other forms of extending the backend data center to more of a distributed architecture closer to the edge. So, that is the fourth cloud.\nCollectively, we call the multi world cloud or multi cloud infrastructure. We are essentially looking at the multi cloud infrastructure and saying how do we land on top of the multi cloud infrastructure and allow new applications and services to be built on top of this.\nAll four clouds \u2014 private, public, telco and edge will become very critical and key in terms of the go forward architecture for building new services. Operators will now become one of the pools of capacity. They have a very credible chance to play in the next evolution of the cloud economy. That's what is exciting from an operator point of view how they are going to benefit from the telco cloud.", "URL": "https://www.voicendata.com/whats-going-make-5g-successful/"}, {"Title": "Inside the 2019 GeekWire Cloud Summit: Cloud leaders brace for the coming \u2018data explosion\u2019", "Text": "Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec, vice president and general manager of Amazon Web Services' S3 division, speaks at the 2019 GeekWire Cloud Summit. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota)\nThere were several themes running through the sessions of our third annual GeekWire Cloud Summit Wednesday, but one thing is clear: data is the lifeblood of the cloud, from machine learning algorithms to managing infrastructure at scale to the connected farms of the future.\nHundreds of cloud developers, operations experts, startup founders, and venture capitalists joined us at the Meydenbauer Center in Bellevue to hear from some of the leaders that are pushing cloud computing into the next decade and learn how to take advantage of emerging cloud technologies right now.\nKeep reading for key takeaways, links to coverage of the event, and photos. Here's what every developer at every company needs to know, according to Microsoft's CTO Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott speaks at the 2019 GeekWire Cloud Summit. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota)\nThings got started quickly with Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott, who ran through a lot of the work that Microsoft is doing with machine learning and edge computing to better position itself to meet the demands of customers who are just now moving their operations into the cloud. Microsoft backed Women in Cloud accelerator program expanding to 8 new countries Microsoft's Gretchen O'Hara, vice president of go to market strategy in the One Commercial Partner group, announces the expansion of its Women in Cloud startup accelerator at the 2019 GeekWire Cloud Summit. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota)\nMicrosoft's Gretchen O'Hara also announced on stage that it is expanding its Women in Cloud startup accelerator to Chicago, New York, and eight new countries after funding 30 startups out of the Seattle edition of the accelerator. #GoodNews \"Universities are turning out graduating classes (in tech/computer science) with 50% women. Strides in education have been phenomenal.\" Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec #gwcloud pic.twitter.com/lZBUiwpijh\n\u2014 Donna Manders (@SmokeFreeLife) June 5, 2019 (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota)\nAmazon Web Services' Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec artfully described this coming \"data explosion\" as a transformative opportunity for cloud customers to rethink how they build and manage their applications, especially now that cloud users can scale computing and storage at different paces depending on their needs. Is AI overhyped? Cloud startup CEOs call out proliferation of trendy technology (L to R): Samir Bodas, Icertis; Kristina Bergman, Integris Software; and Arif Kareem, Extrahop, share what they've learned as cloud CEOs with moderator Charles Fitzgerald at the 2019 GeekWire Cloud Summit. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota)\nA panel of Seattle area CEOs debated whether or not artificial intelligence is really applicable to small and medium size companies that don't gather data on the level of a giant like AWS, Microsoft, or Google. \"I can count on maybe one hand the number of companies that have enough data to genuinely do AI,\" said Kristina Bergman, CEO of Integris Software, referring to the aforementioned companies and a few others. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) Oliver Sharp, co founder and vice president of customer services, Highspot, speaks during the AI track at the 2019 GeekWire Cloud Summit. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota)\nTechnical tracks throughout the day centered on DevOps, artificial intelligence, Cloud Migration, and business issues. Tara Hernandez of Google helped attendees understand how to implement DevOps thinking inside a technology organization without driving everyone crazy, and Thom McCann and Gopala Gaddipati of T Mobile outlined how the wireless carrier built its multicloud architecture in just a few years after starting its migration path. J.R. Jasperson, CTO of Twilio/SendGrid, speaks during the Cloud Migration track at the 2019 GeekWire Cloud Summit. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) Whoa! Thanks for the college flash back. Do modern CS programs even cover this still? #GWCloud pic.twitter.com/AZsUfYl9Hr\n\u2014 JD Wallace (@jdwallace) June 5, 2019 A hot topic in today's sessions \u2013 much discussion around how talent and recruitment differs in Silicon Valley vs Seattle/Bellevue. #GWCloud https://t.co/GLAZVDJngU\n\u2014 Janet Knight (@MrsJanetLyn) June 5, 2019 Attendees at the Meydenbauer Center in Bellevue watch the 2019 GeekWire Cloud Summit. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) Guillaume Wiatr of Metahelm creates real time visualizations of topics discussed at the 2019 GeekWire Cloud Summit. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota)\nWe were also thrilled to have Guillaume Wiatr of Metahelm back doing his thing, visualizing the thoughts and insights that our speakers brought to the event in a series of fun and compelling images. Here's how Guillaume Wiatr of Metahelm visualized the venture capital panel at the 2019 GeekWire Cloud Summit. (Metahelm Image / Guillaume Wiatr) Seattle is the 'landlord' of the internet, thanks to Amazon and Microsoft's cloud prowess (L to R): Charles Fitzgerald, Platformonics; Sudip Chakrabarti of Madrona Venture Group; Preeti Rathi of Ignition Partners; and Sheila Gulati of Tola Capital talk investing in Seattle at the 2019 GeekWire Cloud Summit. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota)\nThree venture capitalists (and one iconoclast angel investor) discussed the ongoing question of how the Seattle area tech scene stacks up against the Bay Area, with Sudip Chakrabarti of Madrona Venture Group, a recent arrival to Seattle, opining that the local scene could use a few more \"startup whisperers\" to help fledgling companies get off the ground. What's missing in the #seattle #tech ecosystem? More \"startup whisperers,\" says Supid Chakrabarti from @MadronaVentures at #GWCloud @geekwire\n\u2014 Fernando Costantino (@HolaFernando) June 5, 2019 Nell Shamrell Harrington, principal software development engineer at Chef, speaks during the DevOps track at the 2019 GeekWire Cloud Summit. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) Cal Henderson, co founder and CTO of Slack, speaks at the 2019 GeekWire Cloud Summit. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota)\nCal Henderson, co founder and CTO of soon to be public Slack, recounted the tale of how Slack evolved from a chat system designed for a video game into a workplace collaboration tool used by a healthy chunk of tech workers. Like a lot of fast growing tech startups, Slack used the cloud to help scale its application on the back of AWS and to a lesser extent, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud, he said. Happy to hear @iamcal talking about importance of accessibility in software development @geekwire Cloud Summit. Applications should be accessible for all or else they are not worth making. Thanks @SlackHQ for prioritizing inclusive technology. #GWCloud #Accessibility pic.twitter.com/snyC1Km2mS\n\u2014 Anya Krupp (@anya_krupp) June 5, 2019 (L to R) The co creators of Kubernetes: Craig McLuckie, VMware; Brendan Burns, Microsoft; and Joe Beda, VMware, talk about the past and future of the project with GeekWire Cloud & Enterprise Editor Tom Krazit at the 2019 GeekWire Cloud Summit. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota)\nAnd we closed out the day with a birthday party: Kubernetes, the open source container orchestration project that opens up some very interesting possibilities for cloud customers, is five years old today. Co creators Joe Beda, Brendan Burns, and Craig McLuckie all worked together at Google to create the slimmed down version of Google's internal infrastructure management tools, and they shared a variety of thoughts on the future of Kubernetes, open source software development, and the best rejected names for Kubernetes.\nA big thanks to F5 , which served as the 2019 GeekWire Cloud Summit title sponsor. Also, thanks to gold, silver and supporting sponsors: Vulcan , City of Bellevue , Algorithmia , OpenSquare , Wave Business , First Tech Federal Credit Union , Bellevue College , MongoDB , and Kazuhm.\nWe'll see you all in a few weeks for our next event, the Playbook , scheduled for June 26th. Tom Krazit, GeekWire's Cloud & Enterprise Editor, covered technology for news organizations including IDG, CNET, and paidContent before serving as executive editor of Gigaom and the Structure conference series. Reach him at and follow him @tomkrazit.", "URL": "https://www.geekwire.com/2019/inside-2019-geekwire-cloud-summit-cloud-leaders-brace-coming-data-explosion/"}, {"Title": "Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services Market- Popular Trends & Technological Advancements to Watch out for Near Future 2025", "Text": "Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services Market Popular Trends & Technological Advancements to Watch out for Near Future 2025\n HTF MI recently broadcasted a new study in its database that highlights the in depth market analysis with future prospects of Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services market. The study covers significant data which makes the research document a handy resource for managers, industry executives and other key people get ready to access and self analyzed study along with graphs and tables to help understand market trends, drivers and market challenges. Some of the key players mentioned in this research are Amazon Web Services, Alphabet, International Business Machines, Microsoft, Fujitsu, Rackspace, CenturyLink, Vmware, Cisco Systems, AT&T, Tencent & Alibaba. The global public cloud system infrastructure services market is expected to grow rapidly over the forecast period owing to the inherent returns that the public cloud services offer. In 2018, the global Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services market size was xx million US$ and it is expected to reach xx million US$ by the end of 2025, with a CAGR of xx% during 2019 2025. This report focuses on the global Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services status, future forecast, growth opportunity, key market and key players. The study objectives are to present the Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services development in United States, Europe and China. Enquire for customization in Report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry before buy/1861941 global public cloud system infrastructure services market The research covers the current market size of the Global Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services market and its growth rates based on 5 year history data. It also covers various types of segmentation such as by geography [United States, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India & Central & South America], by product /end user type [, Storage, Print, Compute & Other Function], by applications [Government, BFSI, Healthcare, Telecommunication, Media & Entertainment, Energy & Utilities, Retail & Wholesale, Manufacturing & Transportation] in overall market. The in depth information by segments of Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services market helps monitor performance & make critical decisions for growth and profitability. It provides information on trends and developments, focuses on markets and materials, capacities, technologies, CAPEX cycle and the changing structure of the Global Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services Market. This study also contains company profiling, product picture and specifications, sales, market share and contact information of various international, regional, and local vendors of Global Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services Market, some of them are Amazon Web Services, Alphabet, International Business Machines, Microsoft, Fujitsu, Rackspace, CenturyLink, Vmware, Cisco Systems, AT&T, Tencent & Alibaba. The market competition is constantly growing higher with the rise in technological innovation and M&A activities in the industry. Moreover, many local and regional vendors are offering specific application products for varied end users. The new vendor entrants in the market are finding it hard to compete with the international vendors based on quality, reliability, and innovations in technology. The research study is also segmented by Application such as Government, BFSI, Healthcare, Telecommunication, Media & Entertainment, Energy & Utilities, Retail & Wholesale, Manufacturing & Transportation with historical and projected market share and compounded annual growth rate. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast). To get a deeper view of Market Size, competitive landscape is provided i.e. Revenue (Million USD) by Players (2012 2017), Revenue Market Share (%) by Players (2012 2017) and further a qualitative analysis is made towards market concentration rate, product/service differences, new entrants and the technological trends in future. Read Detailed Index of full Research Study at @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/1861941 global public cloud system infrastructure services market Key questions answered in this report Global Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services Market Size, Status and Forecast 2019 2025 What will the market size be in 2022 and what will the growth rate be What are the key market trends What is driving Global Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services market What are the challenges to market growth Who are the key vendors in Global Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services market space? What are the key market trends impacting the growth of the Global Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services market? What are the key outcomes of the five forces analysis of the Global Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services market? Buy PDF version of this research report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy now?format=1&report=1861941 There are 15 Chapters to display the Global Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services market. Chapter 1, to describe Definition, Specifications and Classification of Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services, Applications of Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services, Market Segment by Regions; Chapter 2, to analyze the Manufacturing Cost Structure, Raw Material and Suppliers, Manufacturing Process, Industry Chain Structure; Chapter 3, to display the Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services, Capacity and Commercial Production Date, Manufacturing Plants Distribution, R&D Status and Technology Source, Raw Materials Sources Analysis; Chapter 4, to show the Overall Market Analysis, Capacity Analysis (Company Segment), Sales Analysis (Company Segment), Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment); Chapter 5 and 6, to show the Regional Market Analysis that includes United States, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India & Central & South America, Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services Segment Market Analysis (by Type); Chapter 7 and 8, to analyze the Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services Segment Market Analysis (by Application) Major Manufacturers Analysis of Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services; Chapter 9, Market Trend Analysis, Regional Market Trend, Market Trend by Product Type [, Storage, Print, Compute & Other Function], Market Trend by Application [Government, BFSI, Healthcare, Telecommunication, Media & Entertainment, Energy & Utilities, Retail & Wholesale, Manufacturing & Transportation]; Chapter 10, Regional Marketing Type Analysis, International Trade Type Analysis, Supply Chain Analysis; Chapter 11, to analyze the Consumers Analysis of Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services; Chapter 12, to describe Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services Research Findings and Conclusion, Appendix, methodology and data source; Chapter 13, 14 and 15, to describe Public Cloud System Infrastructure Services sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source. Get Access to sample pages @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample report/1861941 global public cloud system infrastructure services market Thanks for reading this article; you can also get individual chapter wise section or region wise report version like North America, Europe or Asia. About HTF Market Report HTF Market Report is a wholly owned brand of HTF market Intelligence Consulting Private Limited. HTF Market Report global research and market intelligence consulting organization is uniquely positioned to not only identify growth opportunities but to also empower and inspire you to create visionary growth strategies for futures, enabled by our extraordinary depth and breadth of thought leadership, research, tools, events and experience that assist you for making goals into a reality. Our understanding of the interplay between industry convergence, Mega Trends, technologies and market trends provides our clients with new business models and expansion opportunities. We are focused on identifying the \"Accurate Forecast\" in every industry we cover so our clients can reap the benefits of being early market entrants and can accomplish their \"Goals & Objectives\". Media Relations Contact", "URL": "http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/public-cloud-system-infrastructure-services-market-popular-trends-technological-advancements-to-watch-out-for-near-future-2025-1240413.htm"}, {"Title": "Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) Software Market Excellent Market Growth By 2024 | WS, Alibaba, Vmware, Microsoft Azure, IBM, Google, Nerdio, Rackspace - News Exterior", "Text": "Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) Software Market report profiles the following companies, which includes: AWS, Alibaba, Vmware, Microsoft Azure, IBM, Google, Nerdio, Rackspace, Abacus, HPE OneSphere, Oracle, Abiquo, AT&T, CenturyLink, Cloud Lifecycle Management.\nThe Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) Software Market research study relies upon a combination of primary as well as secondary research. It throws light on the key factors concerned with generating and limiting Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) Software Market growth. Additionally, the historical information and growth in the CAGR have been given in the research report. The latest trends, product portfolio, demographics, geographical segmentation, and regulatory framework of the Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) Software Market have also been included in the study.\nGet Discounted Report @ https://www.reportsintellect.com/discount request/608018\nGlobal Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) Software Market Research Report 2019 2024\nChapter 1: Industry Overview\nChapter 2: Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) Software Market International and China Market Analysis\nChapter 3: Environment Analysis of Market.\nChapter 4: Analysis of Revenue by Classifications\nChapter 5: Analysis of Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) Software Market Revenue by Regions and Applications\nChapter 6: Analysis of market Revenue Market Status.\nChapter 7: Conclusion of the Market Industry 2024 Market Research Report.\nContinue to TOC \nMarket Research following key questions:\nWhat is the expected market size and growth rate of the Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) Software market for the period 2019 2024?\nWhat are the major driving forces impacting the industry across different countries?\nWhich prominent vendors have adopted unique winning strategies to stay competitive?\nWhat are the key trends deciding the growth of the Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) Software market across different regions?\nWhich factors can act as a real threat and hinder the development of the market?\nWhat are the opportunities prominent market players can bank on for continued success for the forecast period 2019 2024?\nContact Us:", "URL": "https://newsexterior.com/virtual-private-cloud-vpc-software-market-excellent-market-growth-by-2024-ws-alibaba-vmware-microsoft-azure-ibm-google-nerdio-rackspace/11928/"}, {"Title": "Microsoft\u2019s cloud services strategy paying off, according to Q4 earnings", "Text": "@itworldca Published: July 22nd, 2019\nMicrosoft Corp. expanded its partnerships with some key companies in 2019, and Satya Nadella, Microsoft's chief executive officer, attributed the company's strong commercial cloud business performance in Q4 to those recent moves.\n\"Azure is the most open cloud, and in this quarter, we expanded our partnerships with Oracle, Red Hat, and VMware, to make the technologies and tools customers already have first class on Azure,\" said Nadella during an earnings call last week. \"Our Commercial Cloud business is the largest in the world surpassing $38 billion in revenue for the year with gross margin expanding to 63 per cent. The world's leading companies trust Azure for their mission critical workloads, including more than 95 per cent of the Fortune 500. And just yesterday AT&T chose our cloud in one of the largest cloud commitments to date.\"\nAT&T has for months touted its \"public cloud first\" strategy, with the goal of moving the majority of its non network workloads onto the public cloud by the year 2024. That goal took its first big step forward last week when AT&T and Microsoft announced a reported $2 billion deal. It's a big win for both companies \u2013 Microsoft gets a major boost in the public cloud war for dominance against Amazon, while AT&T realizes its \"public cloud first\" vision that also lays the ground work for future AI, IoT and 5G related solutions.\nMicrosoft's commercial cloud solutions continue to drive a major portion of the company's business in 2019, totaling almost one third of the company's total revenue for the quarter; checking in at $11 billion USD of the companies $33.7 billion USD total revenue for Q4.\nAfter breaking $100 billion in yearly revenue for the first time in 2018 , that growth did not slow down, as the company reported $125 billion in yearly revenue for 2019.\nCanada also received a brief mention during the call, as Nadella cited the Surface's strong performance the country.\n\"In Surface, revenue grew 14 per cent and 17 per cent in constant currency driven by strength in our commercial segment, particularly in the U.S., Japan, and Canada,\" he said.\nOur thanks to investment research platform Seeking Alpha for the transcriptions from Microsoft's July 18 Q4 earnings call.", "URL": "https://www.itworldcanada.com/article/microsofts-cloud-services-strategy-paying-off-according-to-q4-earnings/420148"}, {"Title": "Microsoft outduels Amazon for JEDI | TBR", "Text": "Microsoft outduels Amazon for JEDI 10.28.19 John Caucis, Senior Analyst Microsoft beats out Amazon after contentious competition for DOD's JEDI award\nLate on the afternoon of Friday, Oct. 25, the Department of Defense (DOD) announced it had selected Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) for its lucrative Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure (JEDI) cloud contract, the Pentagon's plan to adopt a general purpose cloud infrastructure first announced in November 2017. The notification of JEDI's winner came at an odd time \u2014 we saw the first notification of Microsoft's win at 6:30 p.m. EDT. Releasing news or documents late on a Friday afternoon is sometimes referred to as a \"Friday news dump\" by members of the media, a technique that can thwart in depth media analysis of bad news or unfavorable developments affecting the story's source.\nRegardless of why the DOD chose to announce the winner of the biggest single cloud contract to date in federal IT (and one of the biggest IT contracts in federal IT history) when it did, Microsoft is now poised to capture potentially billions in revenue as the DOD's leading cloud vendor on JEDI, an award with a $10 billion ceiling and a potential 10 year life span if all options are exercised. Vendor selection for JEDI has been ongoing for over a year, plagued by multiple protests, internal investigations, and conflict of interest allegations by and between the initial four contestants, Amazon (Nasdaq: AMZN), IBM (NYSE: IBM), Microsoft and Oracle (NYSE: ORCL). The acrimony kept the DOD from awarding JEDI by its original target date of April 2019, though the agency eliminated IBM and Oracle in April in the first \"down select\" of the vendor review process. Amazon was once the ostensible front runner, but Microsoft's approach to hybrid cloud may have won out in the end\nAmazon won the $600 million cloud award with the CIA in 2013, beating out AT&T (NYSE: T), IBM and Microsoft, an engagement many industry observers expected would act as a springboard for Amazon to future cloud work in the federal IT sector. After JEDI was announced in late 2017, industry analysts believed Amazon, the market share leader in the cloud space, and its ongoing cloud work in the U.S. Intelligence Community (IC) would help clear the way to victory on JEDI. Amazon's alliance with VMware (NYSE: VMW) was key to winning the CIA cloud work, as VMware was estimated to be hosting between two thirds and three quarters of government workloads running on the cloud at the time. Amazon had also enhanced the security of its cloud offerings to accommodate defense and intelligence grade data assurance needs by steadily obtaining new authorizations to host government data at increasingly higher security levels. As the vendor selection process for JEDI moved along, however, concerns arose that JEDI's single source structure would diminish the DOD's flexibility in choosing cloud vendors and technologies. There were also indications during 2019 that the DOD's cloud migration strategy was increasingly favoring a more piecemeal and unhurried transition to the cloud. The DOD's evolving cloud preferences seemed to shift the JEDI competition in favor of Microsoft's hybrid cloud approach that blends exiting IT infrastructures with new cloud systems while leveraging partners to a greater degree in the migration process.\nRegister to view this content in full.", "URL": "https://tbri.com/special-reports/dod-selects-microsoft-jedi-cloud-contract/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "A.C. Nielsen Company of Canada Limited", "industry": "Media & Entertainment", "segment": "Commercial", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Oracle Corporation", "intensity": 10.0, "score": 34459, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "Cloud Supply Chain Management Market 2019 Size, Competitors Strategy, Regional Analysis and Industry Growth by Forecast to 2021", "Text": "Tweet Cloud Supply Chain Management Market 2019 Size, Competitors Strategy, Regional Analysis and Industry Growth by Forecast to 2021 The report on the Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market covers Industry Size, market valuation by segmentation as well as region, historical trends, dynamics, country level analysis for every segment, key Vendors share analysis, competitive landsca 28, 2019 ) The cloud Supply Chain Management (SCM) is a cloud suite that regulates supply chain operations and governance, in the most optimal form. Factors such as increasing adoption of cloud based SCM in transportation management and the increasing need of demand management solutions among enterprises are creating a huge demand for the cloud SCM market, across the globe. The cloud SCM market size is estimated to grow from USD 3.26 billion in 2016 to USD 8.07 billion by 2021, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 19.8% during the forecast period.Browse 64 market data tables and 55 figures spread through 146 pages and in depth TOC on Cloud Supply Chain Management Market by Solution (Transportation Management, Procurement & Sourcing, Sales & Operation Planning, and Inventory & Warehouse Management), Service, Deployment, Organization Size, Vertical, and Region Global Forecast to 2021\"Early buyers will receive 10% customization on reports.The major vendors providing cloud SCM are SAP SE (Walldorf, Germany), Oracle Corporation(California, U.S.), Infor, Inc.(New York, U.S.), JDA Software Group, Inc. (Arizona, U.S.), Descartes Systems Group, Inc. (Ontario, Canada), Manhattan Associates, Inc. (Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.), Logility, Inc.(Atlanta, Georgia U.S.), Kewill, Inc. (Massachusetts, U.S.), Kinaxis, Inc. (Ontario, Canada), HighJump (Minnesota, U.S.), TECSYS, Inc. (Montreal, Canada), and CloudLogix (Colorado, U.S.).The inventory and warehouse management solution among cloud SCM solutions is projected to grow at the highest rate during the forecast period, as it enables daily operations in a warehouse and the centralized management of tasks, such as inventory control, tracking, and the location of stock items. The demand for inventory and warehouse management solutions is increasing due to benefits offered, such as faster inventory movement, efficient use of warehouse space, and reduced inventory paperwork.The Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR in the cloud SCM market during the forecast period. SMEs face many challenges, such as limited budgets, technical expertise, and scalability. Thus, to overcome these challenges, SMEs are rapidly adopting cloud SCM services, as they offer increased agility and improved efficiency.Request PDF Brochure @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/speaktoanalystNew.asp?id=39285453 The hybrid cloud deployment model is expected to gain the highest traction in the cloud SCM market during the forecast period. Hybrid cloud provides enterprises with more control, reduced risk, cost efficiency, and better performance. Additionally, it provides an ideal combination of public cloud and private cloud features, such as usage friendly, versatility, & cost effectiveness of the former, and greater control & security of the latter. Given this huge advantage, organizations are rapidly shifting their focus towards hybrid cloud adoption.The retail and wholesale sector is expected to grow at the highest CAGR in the cloud SCM market during the forecast period. To ensure seamless operations, the retailers and wholesalers are upgrading the traditional SCM systems by embracing cloud SCM solutions. With the help of this adoption, retailers can gain useful visibility & track inventory throughout the entire lifecycle, ensuring agility and profitability, by serving the increasingly demanding consumers.Asia Pacific (APAC) is expected to be the fastest growing region in the cloud SCM market during the forecast period. This region offers potential growth opportunities, due to improvement in infrastructure, business strategic moves, and emergence of new technologies, combined with the growing business needs.North America is expected to contribute the largest market share, Asia Pacific (APAC) to grow the fastestNorth America is expected to hold the largest market share and dominate the cloud SCM market from 2016 to 2021, owing to the availability of proficient technical expertise, large investments in Research & Development (R&D), early adoption of new & emerging technologies, and presence of large number of players in this region. The APAC region is in the initial growth phase; however, it is the fastest growing region in the global cloud SCM market. The key reasons for the high growth rate in APAC include increased spending on IT infrastructure, rising cloud based applications, and growing demand for automation of processes in this region.Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud supply chain management market 39285453.html About MarketsandMarketsMarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their pain points around revenues decisions.Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.MarketsandMarketss flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.Contact:", "URL": "https://www.emailwire.com/release/1104203-Cloud-Supply-Chain-Management-Market-2019-Size-Competitors-Strategy-Regional-Analysis-and-Industry-Growth-by-Forecast-to-2021.html"}, {"Title": "Cloud Supply Chain Management Market to Eyewitness Massive Growth by key players Infor, JDA Software, Descartes Systems", "Text": "August 13, 2019 Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Stay up to date with Cloud Supply Chain Management Market research offered by HTF MI. Check how key trends and emerging drivers are shaping this industry growth.\nHTF MI recently introduced Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market study with in depth overview, describing about the Product / Industry Scope and elaborates market outlook and status to 2023. The market Study is segmented by key regions which is accelerating the marketization. At present, the market is developing its presence and some of the key players from the complete study are SAP SE, Oracle Corporation, Infor, JDA Software Group, Descartes Systems Group, Manhattan Associates, Logility, Kewill, Kinaxis, HighJump, TECSYS & CloudLogix etc.\nRequest Sample of Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Research Report 2012 2024 @: https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample report/1962192 global cloud supply chain management market 7\nThe global Cloud Supply Chain Management market will reach xxx Million USD in 2019 with CAGR xx% 2019 2024. The objective of report is to define, segment, and project the market on the basis of product type, application, and region, and to describe the content about the factors influencing market dynamics, policy, economic, technology and market entry etc.\nThis report studies the Global Cloud Supply Chain Management market size, industry status and forecast, competition landscape and growth opportunity. This research report categorizes the Global Cloud Supply Chain Management market by companies, region, type and end use industry.\nBrowse 100+ market data Tables and Figures spread through Pages and in depth TOC on \" Cloud Supply Chain Management Market by Type (, Training and Consulting , Support and Maintenance & Managed Services), by End Users/Application (Food and Beverage , Healthcare and Life Sciences , Manufacturing , Retail and Wholesale , Transportation and Logistics & Others ), Organization Size, Industry, and Region \u2013 Forecast to 2023. Early buyers will receive 10% customization on comprehensive study.\nIn order to get a deeper view of Market Size, competitive landscape is provided i.e. Revenue (Million USD) by Players (2013 2018), Revenue Market Share (%) by Players (2013 2018) and further a qualitative analysis is made towards market concentration rate, product/service differences, new entrants and the technological trends in future.\nEnquire for customization in Report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry before buy/1962192 global cloud supply chain management market 7\nCompetitive Analysis: The key players are highly focusing innovation in production technologies to improve efficiency and shelf life. The best long term growth opportunities for this sector can be captured by ensuring ongoing process improvements and financial flexibility to invest in the optimal strategies. Company profile section of players such as SAP SE, Oracle Corporation, Infor, JDA Software Group, Descartes Systems Group, Manhattan Associates, Logility, Kewill, Kinaxis, HighJump, TECSYS & CloudLogix includes its basic information like legal name, website, headquarters, its market position, historical background and top 5 closest competitors by Market capitalization / revenue along with contact information. Each player/ manufacturer revenue figures, growth rate and gross profit margin is provided in easy to understand tabular format for past 5 years and a separate section on recent development like mergers, acquisition or any new product/service launch etc.\nMarket Segments: The Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market has been divided into type, application, and region. On The Basis Of Type: Training and Consulting, Support and Maintenance & Managed Services. On The Basis Of Application: Food and Beverage , Healthcare and Life Sciences , Manufacturing , Retail and Wholesale Transportation and Logistics & Others On The Basis Of Region, this report is segmented into following key geographies, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share, growth rate of Cloud Supply Chain Management in these regions, from 2013 to 2023 (forecast), covering North America (U.S. & Canada) {Market Revenue (USD Billion), Growth Analysis (%) and Opportunity Analysis} Latin America (Brazil, Mexico & Rest of Latin America) {Market Revenue (USD Billion), Growth Share (%) and Opportunity Analysis} Europe (The U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Poland, Sweden & RoE) {Market Revenue (USD Billion), Growth Share (%) and Opportunity Analysis} Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Australia, New Zealand, Rest of Asia) {Market Revenue (USD Billion), Growth Share (%) and Opportunity Analysis} Middle East & Africa (GCC, South Africa, North Africa, RoMEA) {Market Revenue (USD Billion), Growth Share (%) and Opportunity Analysis} Rest of World {Market Revenue (USD Billion), Growth Analysis (%) and Opportunity Analysis}\nBuy Single User License of Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Research Report 2012 2024 @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy now?format=1&report=1962192\nHave a look at some extracts from Table of Content\nIntroduction about Global Cloud Supply Chain Management\nGlobal Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2017 Cloud Supply Chain Management Market by Application/End Users Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Applications (2013 2023) table defined for each application/end users like [Food and Beverage , Healthcare and Life Sciences , Manufacturing , Retail and Wholesale , Transportation and Logistics & Others ] Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Sales and Growth Rate (2013 2023) Cloud Supply Chain Management Competition by Players/Suppliers, Region, Type and Application Cloud Supply Chain Management (Volume, Value and Sales Price) table defined for each geographic region defined. Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data\nAdditionally Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors list is being provided for each listed manufacturers\nMarket Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013 2018) table for each product type which include , Training and Consulting , Support and Maintenance & Managed Services Cloud Supply Chain Management Manufacturing Cost Analysis Cloud Supply Chain Management Key Raw Materials Analysis Cloud Supply Chain Management Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers, Industrial Chain Analysis Market Forecast (2018 2023)..and more in complete table of Contents\nBrowse for Full Report at: https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/1962192 global cloud supply chain management market 7\nThanks for reading this article; you can also get individual chapter wise section or region wise report version like North America, Europe or Asia.\nMedia Contact", "URL": "http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/cloud-supply-chain-management-market-to-eyewitness-massive-growth-by-key-players-infor-jda-software-descartes-systems_419158.html"}, {"Title": "Global Cloud Enterprise Content Management Market 2019 \u2013 Opentext, Xerox, M-Files, Microsoft, IBM \u2013 Lincoln Trail Publishing", "Text": "Facebook\nGlobal Cloud Enterprise Content Management Market Research Report 2019 2025 by Market Research trade presents conceptual study and strategic analysis on Cloud Enterprise Content Management Industry which provides market scope, applications, topographical presence which drive the Cloud Enterprise Content Management market. The report analyzes, tracks, and presents the worldwide market size of the most dominating players in each region around the world. This report determines how companies acquisition expenditures, business strategies, marketing and sales strategies, practices, and business policies are set to change in period 2019 to 2025.The industry size in terms of revenue (USD MN) is calculated for the study concurrently with the details of the factors affecting business growth (drivers and restraints). It proposes an acknowledged and extensive analysis of the immediate state of Cloud Enterprise Content Management market. The report demonstrates all the important data related to the industries & Markets, abilities & technology, and so on. Prominent Players in the global Cloud Enterprise Content Management market are \u2013 Opentext , Xerox , M Files , Microsoft , IBM , Newgen Software , Hyland Software , Adobe , Oracle Corporation , Everteam , Box Inc , Alfresco Software , DocuWare , Novell , ,.\nAn in depth approach towards global Cloud Enterprise Content Management market players will help all market players in the process of analyzing the recent market trends and essential commercial enterprise strategies.\nGet free sample copy of this report @ www.marketresearchtrade.com/report/global cloud enterprise content management market 2018 industry.html#Request_Sample\nGlobal Cloud Enterprise Content Management market presents an acknowledged and extensive analysis of the immediate state of the market. The research report comprises an exhaustive and specialized study of the current industry state offering insights into market dynamics and key players. Besides, the historical condition of the market, this report also provides profitable market strategies to exploit the development of the market in the forecast period. The report deeply scrutinizes the past and present phase of the market and provides valuable and reliable forecast estimations for important factors in the market.\nGlobal Cloud Enterprise Content Management Market 2019 by Type, Application, Manufacturers, Regions and Forecast to 2025. Cloud Enterprise Content Management report contains a forecast of the next years, starting 2019 and ending 2025 with a host of metrics like supply demand ratio, Cloud Enterprise Content Management frequency, driving factors, restraints, and challenges. The report also encloses market revenue, sales, Cloud Enterprise Content Management production and manufacturing cost that could help you to get a better view on the market. The Report Focuses on the key global Cloud Enterprise Content Management manufacturers, to define, describe and analyze the sales volume, value, market share, market competition landscape, SWOT analysis and development plans for upcoming years.\nMarket Products are \u2013 Public Cloud Enterprise Content Management , Private Cloud Enterprise Content Management , Hybrid Cloud Enterprise Content Management , ,\nMarket Application are \u2013 Small and Medium Sized Enterprises , Large Enterprises , ,\nThe top regions & countries analysed in this report are: North America (United States, Canada, Mexico and others Europe (Germany, France, United Kingdom, Italy, Russia and others) Middle East & Africa (Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, South Africa, and rest) Southeast Asia (Japan, Korea, India, China, and rest) South America (Brazil, Argentina, Peru, Chile and rest)\nAccess full report with TOC : www.marketresearchtrade.com/report/global cloud enterprise content management market 2018 industry.html\nKey Highlights of the Global Cloud Enterprise Content Management Market: Extensive analysis of Cloud Enterprise Content Management market on historic, current and futuristic states. The report provides regional analysis of global Cloud Enterprise Content Management market that is predicted to show the fastest growth during the forecast period. The report presents Important revolution in Cloud Enterprise Content Management market The drivers and restraints associated with Cloud Enterprise Content Management market are included along with their effects on market growth in upcoming years. It identifies huge growth segments of the market and their future scope. Complete quantitative study of the market from 2019 to 2025 to enable the stakeholders to capitalize on the prevailing market opportunities. Global Cloud Enterprise Content Management Market analysis and comprehensive segmentation with respect to the component, functionality, delivery model, end user, and geography to assist in strategic business planning. Global Cloud Enterprise Content Management Market analysis and forecast for five major geographies North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa, Latin America, and their key regions. An exhaustive evaluation of industry environment, pricing structure, market dynamics, and driving forces. Cloud Enterprise Content Management market opportunities, market threats, restraints, and major challenges to act accordingly. In depth analysis of the industry on the basis of market segments, market dynamics, market size, competition & companies involved value chain.\nThe contains that are highlighted in Global Cloud Enterprise Content Management Market\nKey Strategic Developments: The study comprises the key strategic developments of the market, comprising R&D, new product launch, M&A, agreements, collaborations, partnerships, joint ventures, and regional growth of the leading competitors operating in the market on a global and regional scale. Key Market Features: The report evaluated key market features, capacity, capacity utilization rate, including revenue, price, gross, production, production rate, consumption, import, export, supply, demand, cost, market share, CAGR, and gross margin. In addition, the study offers a comprehensive study of the key market dynamics and their latest trends, along with pertinent market segments and sub segments.\nAnalytical Tools: The Global Cloud Enterprise Content Management report includes the accurately studied and assessed data of the key industry players and their scope in the market by means of a number of analytical tools. The analytical tools such as Porter's five forces analysis, SWOT analysis, feasibility study, and investment return analysis have been used to analyze the growth of the key players operating in the market.\nIn the end,Cloud Enterprise Content Management Market report covers size, share and forecast by top key players, regions, product types and applications, with historical data along with forecast from 2019 to 2025. The Cloud Enterprise Content Management market report covers an in depth description, wide product portfolio of key vendors, competitive scenario, and business strategy adopted by competitors along with their SWOT analysis, revenue, sales, and Porter's Five Forces Analysis.\nPurchase customized or any special inquiry@ www.marketresearchtrade.com/report/global cloud enterprise content management market 2018 industry.html#Buying_Inquiry", "URL": "http://www.lincolntrailpublishing.com/98203/global-cloud-enterprise-content-management-market-2019-opentext-xerox-m-files-microsoft-ibm/"}, {"Title": "Cloud Supply Chain Management 2019: Trends, Technology Demand, Growth Analysis, Key Factors, Fragmented Channels and Customized Solutions till 2028", "Text": "The Research Analysis on \"Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market\" Covers Industry Size, Share, Business Strategies and Investment Opportunities by Key Companies.\nDallas, United\nThe Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market was valued at $XX million in 2017, and analysts predict the global market size will reach $XX million by the end of 2028, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2017 and 2028.\nThis report provides detailed historical analysis of global Cloud Supply Chain Management market from 2013 2018, and provides extensive market forecasts from 2018 2028 by region/country and subsectors. It covers the sales volume, price, revenue, gross margin, historical growth and future perspectives in the Cloud Supply Chain Management market.\nThe report Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market gives detailed list of competitive analysis which gives business strategies, models, volume and a growth pattern in terms of revenue.\nLeading players of Cloud Supply Chain Management Market including:\n Cloudlogix\n Highjump\n Infor\n JDA Software Group\n Kewill\n Kinaxis\n Logility\n Manhattan Associates\n Oracle Corporation\n SAP SE\n Tecsys\n The Descartes Systems Group\nRequest a sample of Cloud Supply Chain Management Market report @ sample/2962124\nThe report covers all key parameters such as market size, share, present status and latest R&D along with the market expert comments. Key market trends, types, applications, regional information and a well curated forecast are all included in Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market report.\nCloud Supply Chain Management Market split by Type:\n Training and Consulting\n Support and Maintenance\n Managed Services\nCloud Supply Chain Management Market split by Application:\n Public Cloud\n Private Cloud\n Hybrid Cloud\nCloud Supply Chain Management Market split by Sales Channel:\n Direct Channel\n Distribution Channel\nMarket segment by Region/Country including:\nNorth America (United States, Canada and Mexico)\nEurope (Germany, UK, France, Italy, Russia and Spain etc.)\nAsia Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India, Australia and Southeast Asia etc.)\nSouth America Brazil, Argentina, Colombia and Chile etc.)\nMiddle East & Africa (South Africa, Egypt, Nigeria and Saudi Arabia etc.)\nIf you have any special requirement, please let us know and we can provide you the report as your requirement.\nDirect purchase @ https://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/2962124\nSome Points from Table of Content:\nChapter 1 Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Overview\n1.1 Cloud Supply Chain Management Definition\n1.2 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Size Status and Outlook (2013 2028)\n1.3 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Size Comparison by Region (2013 2028)\n1.4 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Size Comparison by Type (2013 2028)\n1.5 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Size Comparison by Application (2013 2028)\n1.6 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Size Comparison by Sales Channel (2013 2028)\n1.7 Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Dynamics\n1.7.1 Market Drivers/Opportunities\n1.7.2 Market Challenges/Risks\n1.7.3 Market News (Mergers/Acquisitions/ Expansion)\nChapter 2 Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Segment Analysis by Player\n2.1 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Sales and Market Share by Player (2016 2018)\n2.2 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Revenue and Market Share by Player (2016 2018)\n2.3 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Average Price by Player (2016 2018)\n2.4 Players Competition Situation & Trends\n2.5 Conclusion of Segment by Player\nChapter 3 Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Segment Analysis by Type\n3.1 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market by Type\n3.1.1 Training and Consulting\n3.1.2 Support and Maintenance\n3.1.3 Managed Services\n3.2 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Sales and Market Share by Type (2013 2018)\n3.3 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Revenue and Market Share by Type (2013 2018)\n3.4 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Average Price by Type (2013 2018)\n3.5 Leading Players of Cloud Supply Chain Management by Type in 2017\n3.6 Conclusion of Segment by Type\n..Continued\nEmail: Send Email\n 600\nPhone: +1 (214) 884 6817\nWebsite: https://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/2013 2028 report on global cloud supply chain management market by player region type application and sales channel\nSource URL: https://marketersmedia.com/cloud supply chain management market 2019 global trends technology demand growth analysis key factors fragmented channels and customized solutions till 2028/498431\nSource: MarketersMedia\nRelease ID: 498431", "URL": "http://business.wapakdailynews.com/wapakdailynews/news/read/38031051/cloud_supply_chain_management_market_2019"}, {"Title": "Cloud Supply Chain Management Market expected to be growing at a CAGR of 19.8% by 2021", "Text": "Cloud Supply Chain Management Market expected to be growing at a CAGR of 19.8% by 2021 [July 01, 2019] Cloud Supply Chain Management Market expected to be growing at a CAGR of 19.8% by 2021 According to a new market research report\" Cloud Supply Chain Management Market by Solution (Transportation Management, Procurement & Sourcing, Sales & Operation Planning, Inventory & Warehouse Management), Service, Deployment, Organization Size, Vertical, and Region Global Forecast to 2021\", The cloud Supply Chain Management (SCM) market size is estimated to grow from USD 3.26 Billion in 2016 to USD 8.07 Billion by 2021, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 19.8% during the forecast period. Factors such as growing awareness about cloud based SCM benefits among enterprises, reduced operational costs, and improved operational visibility are fueling the growth of the cloud SCM market, across the globe. The base year considered for this study is 2015 and the forecast period considered is 2016\u20132021. Browse and in depth TOC on \"Cloud Supply Chain Management Market\" 64 Tables 55 Figures 146 Pages Ask for PDF Brochure @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=39285453 Major Key Companies The major vendors providing cloud SCM are SAP SE (Walldorf, Germany), Oracle Corporation(California, U.S.), Infor, Inc.(New York, U.S.), JDA Software Group, Inc. (Arizona, U.S.), Descartes Systems Group, Inc. (Ontario, Canada), Manhattan Associates, Inc. (Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.), Logility, Inc.(Atlanta, Georgia U.S.), Kewill, Inc. (Massachusetts, U.S.), Kinaxis, Inc. (Ontario, Canada), HighJump (Minnesota, U.S.), TECSYS, Inc. (Montreal, Canada), and CloudLogix (Colorado, U.S.). The demand for cloud SCM is driven by factors, such as growing awareness about cloud based SCM benefits among enterprises, reduced operational costs, and improved visibility. With the increase in the adoption rate of cloud computing among enterprises, the cloud SCM market is expected to gain a major traction during the forecast period. The transportation management solution segment is expected to contribute the largest market share On the basis of solutions, the transportation management segment is expected to hold the largest market share, as it offers capabilities, such as load optimization, route planning & optimization, delivery, billing & payment, order visibility, and carrier administration. The solution enables interactions between an order management system and warehouse & handles important operational function, such as planning, execution, and follow ups. \"Managed services are expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\" With the increasing deployment of cloud computing, the services segment is expected to grow in the future. The managed services segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Managed service providers deliver third party infrastructure services that help organizations manage billing process for their products and services. Vendors offering these services focus on improving the overall business efficiency, enhancing scalability, and reducing IT costs. The cloud supply chain management market has been segmented based on solutions, services, deployment models, organization sizes, verticals, and regions. The inventory and warehouse management segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, while the training & consulting segment is projected to have the largest market size in 2016 in the cloud SCM market. Cloud SCM offers capabilities, such as demand management, order management, transport management, and others. Adoption of cloud SCM services among the enterprises has increased due to benefits, such as improved scalability, lower infrastructure cost, faster deployments, improved productivity & performance, better control of critical applications, and decrease in business downtime & losses. The retail and wholesale vertical is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. By using cloud SCM, retail & wholesale companies are developing new and better ways to enhance their digital supply chain, while reducing operating expenses as well. The constant pressure to decrease IT expenditure and invest resources in generating more profits is driving retail companies globally to adopt cloud SCM solutions. The enterprises which are implementing cloud SCM are rapidly getting inclined towards deploying cloud based services to store and manage their business critical data. North America is expected to have the largest market share in 2016, whereas the Asia Pacific (APAC) region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR from during the forecast period in the cloud supply chain management market. Factors such as rising need for advanced infrastructure management system and shifting of workload to cloud environment are also driving the demand for cloud SCM, globally. Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud supply chain management market 39285453.html About MarketsandMarkets MarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model \u2013 GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve. MarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. Contact: Mr. Shelly Singh MarketsandMarkets INC. 630 Dundee Road Suite 430 Northbrook, IL 60062 USA: 1 888 600 6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit Our Website: https://www.marketsandmarkets.com\nAs a community building service, TMCnet allows user submitted content which is not always proofed by TMCnet editors. If you feel this entry is of inferior quality or wish to report it for some reason, please forward the URL to \"webedit [AT] tmcnet [DOT] com\" with your comments.", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/07/01/8980775.htm"}, {"Title": "Technological Advancement in Bare Metal Cloud Services Market Forecast to 2022 | Global Key Players \u2013 Oracle, Rackspace, Centurylink, Internap, Packet, Datapipe", "Text": "Press release from: Business Industry Reports Bare Metal Cloud Services Market A fresh report has been added to the wide database of Business Industry Reports. The research study is titled \"Bare Metal Cloud Services Market\" by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 which provides important data about the production, consumption, revenue and company profiles for key industry participants.Global Bare Metal Cloud Services Market Synopsis:According to Market Analyst, Global Bare Metal Cloud Services Market is projected to grow at a healthy growth rate from 2019 to 2022.Get Exclusive Sample Study Papers of \"Bare Metal Cloud Services Market\" @ www.businessindustryreports.com/sample request/132958.are metal cloud service is very useful for the highly intensive applications and many well established players are launching novel services pertaining to the bare metal cloud. Bare metal cloud offers several advantages such as enhanced security, easy maintenance of records, monitoring activities in commercial & residential areas, and empowering nations against terrorism & external threats at different locations. Major benefits of bare metal cloud include effective service delivery, data security, improved performance, and standardized hardware platforms.Global Bare Metal Cloud Services Market has been segmented on the Basis of components, enterprise type, end use and Region, On the Basis of components, Market can be sub segmented into Bare metal cloud service hardware, Bare metal cloud service software, Bare metal cloud services. services type continues to remain sought after among users. The high demand for the bare metal cloud service is on account of its vital useful features for the highly intensive applications. On the Basis of enterprise type, Market further sub segmented into SMBs and Large. the small and medium segment dominated the market owing to the need for streamlining data operations. Bare metal cloud providers offer rack data storage facility with greater security and easily access to all types of enterprises.Based on end use Industry, Market further sub segmented into the bare metal cloud service market is segmented into BFSI (Banking, Financial services and Insurance), retail, healthcare, manufacturing, IT & Telecom, media & entertainment, and others. Healthcare segment is expected to grow at a significant CAGR during the forecast period. Healthcare organizations are demanding large space for the data collection due to the advent of IoT and connected medical devices for big data analytics.Regionally, North America is the largest region in the global bare metal cloud service market. The demand for bare metal cloud service market in Asia Pacific is likely to remain concentrated in the prominent economies such as China and India, owing to a larger IT sector in the region. In addition to APAC, growth will also be robust in North America, where the U.S. will account for the bulk of the demand, whereas Canada will hold a miniscule share.Complete report on Bare Metal Cloud Services Market spread across 125 Pages and No. of Table of contents. Buy Research @ www.businessindustryreports.com/buy now/132958/single.The Market is segmented and projected on the basis of major key player's:1 Oracle Corporation", "URL": "https://www.openpr.com/news/1535895/Technological-Advancement-in-Bare-Metal-Cloud-Services-Market-Forecast-to-2022-Global-Key-Players-Oracle-Rackspace-Centurylink-Internap-Packet-Datapipe.html"}, {"Title": "Cloud Supply Chain Management Market 2019 Global Industry Status, Key leaders and Research Forecast", "Text": "Ask for PDF Brochure @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=39285453 Major Key Companies The major vendors providing cloud SCM are SAP SE (Walldorf, Germany), Oracle Corporation(California, U.S.), Infor, Inc.(New York, U.S.), JDA Software Group, Inc. (Arizona, U.S.), Descartes Systems Group, Inc. (Ontario, Canada), Manhattan Associates, Inc. (Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.), Logility, Inc.(Atlanta, Georgia U.S.), Kewill, Inc. (Massachusetts, U.S.), Kinaxis, Inc. (Ontario, Canada), HighJump (Minnesota, U.S.), TECSYS, Inc. (Montreal, Canada), and CloudLogix (Colorado, U.S.). The demand for cloud SCM is driven by factors, such as growing awareness about cloud based SCM benefits among enterprises, reduced operational costs, and improved visibility. With the increase in the adoption rate of cloud computing among enterprises, the cloud SCM market is expected to gain a major traction during the forecast period. The transportation management solution segment is expected to contribute the largest market share On the basis of solutions, the transportation management segment is expected to hold the largest market share, as it offers capabilities, such as load optimization, route planning & optimization, delivery, billing & payment, order visibility, and carrier administration. The solution enables interactions between an order management system and warehouse & handles important operational function, such as planning, execution, and follow ups. \"Managed services are expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\" With the increasing deployment of cloud computing, the services segment is expected to grow in the future. The managed services segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Managed service providers deliver third party infrastructure services that help organizations manage billing process for their products and services. Vendors offering these services focus on improving the overall business efficiency, enhancing scalability, and reducing IT costs. The cloud supply chain management market has been segmented based on solutions, services, deployment models, organization sizes, verticals, and regions. The inventory and warehouse management segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, while the training & consulting segment is projected to have the largest market size in 2016 in the cloud SCM market. Cloud SCM offers capabilities, such as demand management, order management, transport management, and others. Adoption of cloud SCM services among the enterprises has increased due to benefits, such as improved scalability, lower infrastructure cost, faster deployments, improved productivity & performance, better control of critical applications, and decrease in business downtime & losses. The retail and wholesale vertical is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. By using cloud SCM, retail & wholesale companies are developing new and better ways to enhance their digital supply chain, while reducing operating expenses as well. The constant pressure to decrease IT expenditure and invest resources in generating more profits is driving retail companies globally to adopt cloud SCM solutions. The enterprises which are implementing cloud SCM are rapidly getting inclined towards deploying cloud based services to store and manage their business critical data. North America is expected to have the largest market share in 2016, whereas the Asia Pacific (APAC) region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR from during the forecast period in the cloud supply chain management market. Factors such as rising need for advanced infrastructure management system and shifting of workload to cloud environment are also driving the demand for cloud SCM, globally. Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud supply chain management market 39285453.html About MarketsandMarkets MarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model \u2013 GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve. MarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. Contact:", "URL": "https://www.pressebox.com/inactive/marketsandmarkets-inc/Cloud-Supply-Chain-Management-Market-2019-Global-Industry-Status-Key-leaders-and-Research-Forecast/boxid/964244"}, {"Title": "Cloud Supply Chain Management Market 2019 Global Size, Industry Segmentation, Opportunities and Regional Analysis 2021", "Text": "Cloud Supply Chain Management Market 2019 Global Size, Industry Segmentation, Opportunities and Regional Analysis 2021 The report on the Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market covers Industry Size, market valuation by segmentation as well as region, historical trends, dynamics, country level analysis for every segment, key Vendor's share analysis, competitive landsca ( EMAILWIRE.COM , August 02, 2019 ) According to a new market research report \" Cloud Supply Chain Management Market by Solution (Transportation Management, Procurement & Sourcing, Sales & Operation Planning, Inventory & Warehouse Management), Service, Deployment, Organization Size, Vertical, and Region Global Forecast to 2021\", published by MarketsandMarkets, the cloud Supply Chain Management (SCM) market size is estimated to grow from USD 3.26 Billion in 2016 to USD 8.07 Billion by 2021, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 19.8% during the forecast period.Browse and in depth TOC on \"Cloud Supply Chain Management Market\" 64 TablesSpeak to Our Expert Analyst @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=39285453 Early buyers will receive 10% customization on reports.The demand for cloud SCM is driven by factors, such as growing awareness about cloud based SCM benefits among enterprises, reduced operational costs, and improved visibility. With the increase in the adoption rate of cloud computing among enterprises, the cloud SCM market is expected to gain a major traction during the forecast period.The transportation management solution segment is expected to contribute the largest market shareOn the basis of solutions, the transportation management segment is expected to hold the largest market share, as it offers capabilities, such as load optimization, route planning & optimization, delivery, billing & payment, order visibility, and carrier administration. The solution enables interactions between an order management system and warehouse & handles important operational function, such as planning, execution, and follow ups.\"Managed services are expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\"With the increasing deployment of cloud computing, the services segment is expected to grow in the future. The managed services segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Managed service providers deliver third party infrastructure services that help organizations manage billing process for their products and services. Vendors offering these services focus on improving the overall business efficiency, enhancing scalability, and reducing IT costs.Request PDF Brochure @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/speaktoanalystNew.asp?id=39285453 North America is expected to contribute the largest market share, Asia Pacific (APAC) to grow the fastestNorth America is expected to hold the largest market share and dominate the cloud SCM market from 2016 to 2021, owing to the availability of proficient technical expertise, large investments in Research & Development (R&D), early adoption of new & emerging technologies, and presence of large number of players in this region. The APAC region is in the initial growth phase; however, it is the fastest growing region in the global cloud SCM market. The key reasons for the high growth rate in APAC include increased spending on IT infrastructure, rising cloud based applications, and growing demand for automation of processes in this region.The major vendors providing cloud SCM are SAP SE (Walldorf, Germany), Oracle Corporation(California, U.S.), Infor, Inc.(New York, U.S.), JDA Software Group, Inc. (Arizona, U.S.), Descartes Systems Group, Inc. (Ontario, Canada), Manhattan Associates, Inc. (Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.), Logility, Inc.(Atlanta, Georgia U.S.), Kewill, Inc. (Massachusetts, U.S.), Kinaxis, Inc. (Ontario, Canada), HighJump (Minnesota, U.S.), TECSYS, Inc. (Montreal, Canada), and CloudLogix (Colorado, U.S.).Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud supply chain management market 39285453.html About MarketsandMarkets MarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their pain points around revenues decisions.Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model \u2013 GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.MarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.Contact:", "URL": "https://www.emailwire.com/release/1100007-Cloud-Supply-Chain-Management-Market-2019-Global-Size-Industry-Segmentation-Opportunities-and-Regional-Analysis-2021.html"}, {"Title": "Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Size, Share, Development by 2021", "Text": "Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Size, Share, Development by 2021 Ashish Verma 20th Jun 2019 32 According to a new market research report\" Cloud Supply Chain Management Market by Solution (Transportation Management, Procurement & Sourcing, Sales & Operation Planning, Inventory & Warehouse Management), Service, Deployment, Organization Size, Vertical, and Region Global Forecast to 2021 \", The cloud Supply Chain Management (SCM) market size is estimated to grow from USD 3.26 Billion in 2016 to USD 8.07 Billion by 2021, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 19.8% during the forecast period. Factors such as growing awareness about cloud based SCM benefits among enterprises, reduced operational costs, and improved operational visibility are fueling the growth of the cloud SCM market, across the globe. The base year considered for this study is 2015 and the forecast period considered is 2016\u20132021. Browse and in depth TOC on \" Cloud Supply Chain Management Market \" 64 Tables Ask for PDF Brochure @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=39285453 Major Key Companies The major vendors providing cloud SCM are SAP SE (Walldorf, Germany), Oracle Corporation(California, U.S.), Infor, Inc.(New York, U.S.), JDA Software Group, Inc. (Arizona, U.S.), Descartes Systems Group, Inc. (Ontario, Canada), Manhattan Associates, Inc. (Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.), Logility, Inc.(Atlanta, Georgia U.S.), Kewill, Inc. (Massachusetts, U.S.), Kinaxis, Inc. (Ontario, Canada), HighJump (Minnesota, U.S.), TECSYS, Inc. (Montreal, Canada), and CloudLogix (Colorado, U.S.). The demand for cloud SCM is driven by factors, such as growing awareness about cloud based SCM benefits among enterprises, reduced operational costs, and improved visibility. With the increase in the adoption rate of cloud computing among enterprises, the cloud SCM market is expected to gain a major traction during the forecast period. The transportation management solution segment is expected to contribute the largest market share On the basis of solutions, the transportation management segment is expected to hold the largest market share, as it offers capabilities, such as load optimization, route planning & optimization, delivery, billing & payment, order visibility, and carrier administration. The solution enables interactions between an order management system and warehouse & handles important operational function, such as planning, execution, and follow ups. \"Managed services are expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\" With the increasing deployment of cloud computing, the services segment is expected to grow in the future. The managed services segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Managed service providers deliver third party infrastructure services that help organizations manage billing process for their products and services. Vendors offering these services focus on improving the overall business efficiency, enhancing scalability, and reducing IT costs. The cloud supply chain management market has been segmented based on solutions, services, deployment models, organization sizes, verticals, and regions. The inventory and warehouse management segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, while the training & consulting segment is projected to have the largest market size in 2016 in the cloud SCM market. Cloud SCM offers capabilities, such as demand management, order management, transport management, and others. Adoption of cloud SCM services among the enterprises has increased due to benefits, such as improved scalability, lower infrastructure cost, faster deployments, improved productivity & performance, better control of critical applications, and decrease in business downtime & losses. The retail and wholesale vertical is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. By using cloud SCM, retail & wholesale companies are developing new and better ways to enhance their digital supply chain, while reducing operating expenses as well. The constant pressure to decrease IT expenditure and invest resources in generating more profits is driving retail companies globally to adopt cloud SCM solutions. The enterprises which are implementing cloud SCM are rapidly getting inclined towards deploying cloud based services to store and manage their business critical data. North America is expected to have the largest market share in 2016, whereas the Asia Pacific (APAC) region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR from during the forecast period in the cloud supply chain management market. Factors such as rising need for advanced infrastructure management system and shifting of workload to cloud environment are also driving the demand for cloud SCM, globally. Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/PressReleases/cloud supply chain management.asp About MarketsandMarkets MarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model \u2013 GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve. MarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. Contact:", "URL": "https://www.wesrch.com/electronics/paper-details/press-paper-EL1SE1000RJYT-global-cloud-supply-chain-management-market-size-share-development-by-2021"}, {"Title": "Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Astonishing Growth: Oracle, Cloudlogix, Highjump, Infor, Kinaxis, Logility", "Text": "Cloud Supply Chain Management Market Astonishing Growth: Oracle, Cloudlogix, Highjump, Infor, Kinaxis, Logility\nEdison, NJ ( SBWIRE ) 03/04/2019 HTF MI released a new market study on Cloud Supply Chain Management Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Global Forecast till 2025*. Some are the key players taken under coverage for this study are Cloudlogix, Highjump, Infor, JDA Software Group, Kewill, Kinaxis, Logility, Manhattan Associates, Oracle Corporation, SAP SE, Tecsys & The Descartes Systems Group. Click to get Cloud Supply Chain Management Global Market Research Sample PDF Copy Here @: https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample report/1660377 cloud supply chain management global market #Summary: Important Features that are under offering & key highlights of the report : 1) What all companies are currently profiled in the report? Following are list of players that are currently profiled in the the report Cloudlogix, Highjump, Infor, JDA Software Group, Kewill, Kinaxis, Logility, Manhattan Associates, Oracle Corporation, SAP SE, Tecsys & The Descartes Systems Group \" US, Canada, Mexico, UK, Sweden, Germany, Spain, Russia, France, Rest of Europe, China, Japan, India, Korea, Australia, Southeast Asia, Rest of Asia & Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa buy/1660377 cloud supply chain management global market To comprehend Cloud Supply Chain Management Global market dynamics in the world mainly, the worldwide Cloud Supply Chain Management Geographical Analysis: US, Canada, Mexico, UK, Sweden, Germany, Spain, Russia, France, Rest of Europe, China, Japan, India, Korea, Australia, Southeast Asia, Rest of Asia & Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa Cloudlogix, Highjump, Infor, JDA Software Group, Kewill, Kinaxis, Logility, Manhattan Associates, Oracle Corporation, SAP SE, Tecsys & The Descartes Systems Group Cloud Supply Chain Management Global Report 2018 @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy now?format=1&report=1660377 In this study, the years considered to estimate the market size of Cloud Supply Chain Management Global are as follows: History Year: 2013 2017", "URL": "http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/cloud-supply-chain-management-market-astonishing-growth-oracle-cloudlogix-highjump-infor-kinaxis-logility-1162227.htm"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "A1 Telekom Austria Aktiengesellschaft", "industry": "Telecommunications", "segment": "Enterprise", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "VMware, Inc.", "intensity": 9.0, "score": 1462, "relationshipStrength": "Weak", "news": [{"Title": "New Release of Barracuda CloudGen Firewall automates and secures enterprise migrations to public cloud", "Text": "New Release of Barracuda CloudGen Firewall automates and secures enterprise migrations to public cloud New Release of Barracuda CloudGen Firewall automates and secures enterprise migrations to public cloud\nCAMPBELL, Calif. , Sept. 10, 2019 /PRNewswire/ Barracuda Networks, Inc., a leading provider of cloud enabled security solutions, today announced Release 8 of Barracuda CloudGen Firewall. The new functionality helps streamline SD WAN management , optimize cloud connectivity, and automate scalable protection across multi cloud deployments.\nGoing through digital transformation, today's organizations are moving to distributed work, cloud infrastructure and agile development. According to Gartner, \"Customer demands for simplicity, scalability, flexibility, low latency and pervasive security force convergence of the WAN edge and network security markets, creating the secure access service edge (SASE), with a predominantly cloud based, as a service delivery model.\" 1\nWith Release 8 of the CloudGen Firewall, Barracuda has added a range of automation capabilities to streamline deployment and provide visibility and control for successful implementations.\n\"SD WAN management can be complicated. Many SD WAN products require days to deploy and can introduce vulnerabilities if not correctly configured,\" said Klaus Gheri , VP of Network Security at Barracuda. \"Barracuda CloudGen Firewall provides an all in one SD WAN solution that's integrated with public cloud infrastructure, providing organizations with the security and connectivity they need with automation that will make their lives easier.\"\nNew functionality includes: Direct internet break out optimization \u2014 CloudGen Firewall now automatically selects the best available direct internet uplink for typical internet hosted applications such as Dropbox and SalesForce.com. In the background, it monitors the available direct internet break out and dynamically prioritizes the best uplink based on current internet conditions. WAN Path Controller dashboard \u2014 Further extending the capabilities of Firewall Insights , this new dashboard dynamically displays the global SD WAN data on network and remote location health status. This enables customers to achieve more efficient use of WAN resources while improving application performance. Automated integration with Azure vWAN \u2014 CloudGen Firewall now integrates to Azure vWAN with Central Management, Zero Touch Deployment, and support for Office 365 vWAN policies for optimized cloud application performance. Full lifecycle automation API \u2014 CloudGen Firewall now includes capabilities to provide network segmentation, security, and access control for automated deployment as part of agile cloud development processes. This helps customers to realize the full potential of their cloud migration initiatives. Auto VPN \u2014CloudGen Firewall Release 8 brings VPN automation across multiple cloud providers, on site, and virtual. Multi gigabit performance \u2014 This CloudGen Firewall release can more than double network performance in the cloud over previous releases. This allows hosting and protecting even the most demanding workloads that require large amounts of bandwidth. Up to 50 percent improvement of VPN performance \u2014 Optimization and modernization of the underlying VPN engine now make use of the processing power provided by multi core appliance and virtual hardware. This can result in up to 50 percent improvements of encrypted VPN throughput, even for deployed Barracuda CloudGen Firewall units. \"We are looking forward to the new CloudGen Firewall 8 functionality, as it simplifies SD WAN management and optimizes application performance with Direct Internet Breakouts,\" said Michael Vormwald , Head of Network and Security at A1 Telekom Austria.\nResources: Get more information about Barracuda CloudGen Firewall: https://www.barracuda.com/products/cloudgenfirewall\nSee why Barracuda achieved a recommended rating in the 2019 NSS Labs SD WAN Group Test: https://www.barracuda.com/NSS\nRead the blog post: http://cuda.co/38238\n1 Gartner, Market Trends: How to Win as WAN Edge and Security Converge Into the Secure Access Service Edge, Joe Skorupa , Neil MacDonald , Published: 29 July 2019\nAbout Barracuda At Barracuda we strive to make the world a safer place. We believe every business deserves access to cloud enabled, enterprise grade security solutions that are easy to buy, deploy, and use. We protect email, networks, data and applications with innovative solutions that grow and adapt with our customers' journey. More than 150,000 organizations worldwide trust Barracuda to protect them \u2014 in ways they may not even know they are at risk \u2014 so they can focus on taking their business to the next level. For more information, visit barracuda.com.\nBarracuda Networks, Barracuda and the Barracuda Networks logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of Barracuda Networks, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.\nContact", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/09/10/9014269.htm"}, {"Title": "Telekom Expands Wide Area Network Offering With VMware | Communications Today", "Text": "Telekom Expands Wide Area Network Offering With VMware September 17, 2019\nPosted by Telekom\nT Systems is expanding its offering for international corporate networks. The company enters into a relationship with VMware to offer \"VMware SD WAN by VeloCloud\" to its customers. VMware is one of the industry leaders for software controlled networks (SD WAN, Software Defined Wide Area Networks). Telekom recently launched a new generation of corporate networks with its \"Smart SD WAN\". With VMware, the group is now bringing a central partner on board for its SD WAN offering.\nThe cloud demands software controlled networks\nSoftware controlled networks offer customers significant advantages: they are more flexible. If the customer needs more power, it is easier to deliver it. Central company programs benefit from this. Software controlled connections are a central development in the telecommunications industry. Networks of companies need to perform better today. The cloud, in particular, demands a lot from networks. Employees access cloud services from locations all over the world. They use any app at any time. And they use different devices and operating systems.\nCompany network under stress\nThis gained flexibility can mean stress for the company network. Data traffic, application performance and peak loads are less easy to predict. The established networks of the companies have hardly been created for the dynamics. This also applies to IoT: There are more and more connected machines and objects. The sensors dynamically drive the hunger for data. In addition, there are voice and video applications in real time. In addition to higher bandwidth, modern networks also require faster response times. In contrast to traditional networks, these use the internet and mobile communications as an alternative means of access.\nMore network performance at the click of a mouse\nUntil now, many companies controlled their networks with hardware. If organizations needed more power, they would put their hands on devices. This can be expensive, and not flexible enough. Few administrators can follow data streams fast enough with legacy technology. Software therefore often replaces devices in modern networks. The administrator can provide network performance at the click of a mouse.\nTelekom is regarded in the industry as a pioneer for software controlled connections. ISG, a consulting firm, rates T Systems as the world's leading provider of this new generation of networks.\n\"We are extremely pleased to work with T Systems to deliver our industry leading SD WAN, enabling enterprises to reach any cloud more securely and at scale,\" said Sanjay Uppal, vice president and general manager of the VeloCloud business unit at VMware. \"With this technology, we can help organizations undergoing digital transformation with a more efficient and flexible way to deploy, manage, and scale their networks.\" CT Bureau Share this:", "URL": "https://www.communicationstoday.co.in/telekom-expands-wide-area-network-offering-with-vmware/"}, {"Title": "VMware Helps Customers to Achieve Digital Transformation Efforts with the vRealize Suite Hybrid Cloud Management Platform", "Text": "VMware Helps Customers to Achieve Digital Transformation Efforts with the vRealize Suite Hybrid Cloud Management Platform [November 06, 2019] VMware Helps Customers to Achieve Digital Transformation Efforts with the vRealize Suite Hybrid Cloud Management Platform PALO ALTO, Calif., Nov. 06, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) VMware, Inc. (NYSE: VMW), a leading innovator in enterprise software, today announced that Ceridian, Etisalat, Porsche Informatik and Yorkshire Water have succeeded in implementing key elements of their respective digital transformation initiatives with the VMware vRealize Suite. The suite delivers a hybrid cloud management platform that delivers infrastructure as code and helps IT enable developers to quickly build, deploy and manage applications in any cloud with more secure and consistent operations.\nCeridian, Etisalat, Porsche Informatik and Yorkshire Water have gained significant agility and efficiencies across their private and hybrid cloud environments to support their digital transformation efforts with the help of the VMware vRealize Suite. Organizations use VMware's self driving operations and programmable provisioning to radically simplify application and infrastructure management. Customers are adopting VMware vRealize Suite to operate and automate their hybrid cloud environments with an AI/ML engine for a 'hands off' and 'hassle free' approach to transform their business.\nCeridian Embraces the Cloud to Help Customers Solve Business Problems Based in Minneapolis, Minn., Ceridian is a global human capital management (HCM) software company. Dayforce, its flagship cloud HCM platform, provides human resources, payroll, benefits, workforce management, and talent management capabilities in a single solution. Ceridian has adopted the VMware Software Defined Data Center, one of the most proven, most widely deployed cloud infrastructures supporting some of the most demanding business critical applications across the globe. With VMware vRealize Automation , the company has gained agility and speed by enabling its developers to increase the delivery of key application and infrastructure resources in support of its HCM platform.\n\"Dayforce is a proven catalyst for positive change, helping our customers achieve operational excellence and deliver exceptional employee experiences,\" said Warren Perlman, Chief Information Officer, Ceridian. \"Through VMware vRealize Automation, Ceridian can adopt an Infrastructure as Code operational model that helps us to ultimately deliver new software releases to market faster.\"\nEtisalat Modernizes Application Infrastructure to Support Business Growth Based in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, Etisalat is a $41 billion telecom company servicing 141 million subscribers in 15 countries. Recently, the company has modernized its application infrastructure to support business growth using the VMware vRealize Suite. Etisalat is relying on VMware vRealize Automation to provision full stack appliation deployments that feature Oracle Database with Real Application Clusters, Oracle WebLogic Server, and Microsoft SQL Server, among other third party products. VMware vRealize Operations provides the Etisalat IT operations team with end to end visibility of its VMware Software Defined Data Center infrastructure environment.\nEtisalat presented its learnings in its session ( HBO1724BE ) at VMworld 2019 Europe in Barcelona this week (Nov. 4 7).\n\"With VMware's help, we are transforming our ability to deliver new applications and services to the market faster than before,\" said Rashed Al Yammahi, Sr. Director, IT Infrastructure, Etisalat Telecom IT. \"Building a software defined data center has enabled us to meet the rapidly growing demands of our business through end to end automation of application delivery, with predefined approval cycles, all with a few mouse clicks together with enhanced security and lower total cost of ownership.\"\nPorsche Informatik Adopts Software Defined Data Center to Strengthen Its Digital Leadership Based in Salzburg, Austria, Porsche Informatik develops leading software solutions for the automotive industry. To face the latest digital challenges, Porsche Informatik modernized its data center by implementing the VMware Software Defined Data Center to support and optimize solutions that are used in 30 countries. The architecture provides a strong foundation for Porsche Informatik's software developers and employees in order to drive digitalization of the automotive industry. With VMware vRealize Automation, the company has significantly reduced time to market. The cloud automation platform provides real time test systems for internal and external developers. Infrastructure costs and manpower can be saved due to fewer tickets to IT administrators as well as streamlining of approvals.\n\"Today, Porsche Informatik employees realize more projects in the same amount of time \u2013 and boost the company's productivity considerably,\" said Gerald Nezerka, Team Lead Virtualization & Storage at Porsche Informatik. \"VMware vRealize Automation has helped increase efficiency by automating complex IT tasks and optimizing efficiency of service provisioning, operational management and IT agility.\"\nYorkshire Water Maximizes Private Cloud Usage Based in Bradford, UK, Yorkshire Water is one of the UK's leading utility companies. It manages over 62,000 miles of pipework connecting water systems across England's largest county, providing 1.24 billion liters of drinking water each day. The business has pledged to digitally transform the way it works. It favors \"as a service\" technologies, greater automation, and a widespread use of cloud infrastructure. By adopting VMware vRealize Suite, the business is maximizing the use of its IT resources, simplifying the management of its private cloud environment and improving IT agility. The suite has enabled Yorkshire Water's IT team to speed server provisioning by 84x (from seven days to two hours) as well as to consolidate its hosts to reduce previously wasted compute resources by 38 percent.\n\"By leveraging the in depth capacity management capabilities of vRealize Operations we're able to assess virtual workloads and look to consolidate where practicable,\" said Paul Bayley, senior infrastructure engineer, Yorkshire Water. \"This leads to a lower physical footprint in turn reducing the power consumption, cooling demand and lowering operational management of rack space.\"\nAdditional Resources", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/11/06/9048062.htm"}, {"Title": "VMware Helps Customers to Achieve Digital Transformation Efforts with the vRealize Suite Hybrid Cloud Management Platform", "Text": "November 06, 2019 08:00 ET | Source: VMware, Inc. PALO ALTO, Calif., Nov. 06, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) VMware, Inc. (NYSE: VMW), a leading innovator in enterprise software, today announced that Ceridian, Etisalat, Porsche Informatik and Yorkshire Water have succeeded in implementing key elements of their respective digital transformation initiatives with the VMware vRealize Suite. The suite delivers a hybrid cloud management platform that delivers infrastructure as code and helps IT enable developers to quickly build, deploy and manage applications in any cloud with more secure and consistent operations.\nCeridian, Etisalat, Porsche Informatik and Yorkshire Water have gained significant agility and efficiencies across their private and hybrid cloud environments to support their digital transformation efforts with the help of the VMware vRealize Suite. Organizations use VMware's self driving operations and programmable provisioning to radically simplify application and infrastructure management. Customers are adopting VMware vRealize Suite to operate and automate their hybrid cloud environments with an AI/ML engine for a 'hands off' and 'hassle free' approach to transform their business.\nCeridian Embraces the Cloud to Help Customers Solve Business Problems Based in Minneapolis, Minn., Ceridian is a global human capital management (HCM) software company. Dayforce, its flagship cloud HCM platform, provides human resources, payroll, benefits, workforce management, and talent management capabilities in a single solution. Ceridian has adopted the VMware Software Defined Data Center, one of the most proven, most widely deployed cloud infrastructures supporting some of the most demanding business critical applications across the globe. With VMware vRealize Automation , the company has gained agility and speed by enabling its developers to increase the delivery of key application and infrastructure resources in support of its HCM platform.\n\"Dayforce is a proven catalyst for positive change, helping our customers achieve operational excellence and deliver exceptional employee experiences,\" said Warren Perlman, Chief Information Officer, Ceridian. \"Through VMware vRealize Automation, Ceridian can adopt an Infrastructure as Code operational model that helps us to ultimately deliver new software releases to market faster.\"\nEtisalat Modernizes Application Infrastructure to Support Business Growth Based in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, Etisalat is a $41 billion telecom company servicing 141 million subscribers in 15 countries. Recently, the company has modernized its application infrastructure to support business growth using the VMware vRealize Suite. Etisalat is relying on VMware vRealize Automation to provision full stack application deployments that feature Oracle Database with Real Application Clusters, Oracle WebLogic Server, and Microsoft SQL Server, among other third party products. VMware vRealize Operations provides the Etisalat IT operations team with end to end visibility of its VMware Software Defined Data Center infrastructure environment.\nEtisalat presented its learnings in its session ( HBO1724BE ) at VMworld 2019 Europe in Barcelona this week (Nov. 4 7).\n\"With VMware's help, we are transforming our ability to deliver new applications and services to the market faster than before,\" said Rashed Al Yammahi, Sr. Director, IT Infrastructure, Etisalat Telecom IT. \"Building a software defined data center has enabled us to meet the rapidly growing demands of our business through end to end automation of application delivery, with predefined approval cycles, all with a few mouse clicks together with enhanced security and lower total cost of ownership.\"\nPorsche Informatik Adopts Software Defined Data Center to Strengthen Its Digital Leadership Based in Salzburg, Austria, Porsche Informatik develops leading software solutions for the automotive industry. To face the latest digital challenges, Porsche Informatik modernized its data center by implementing the VMware Software Defined Data Center to support and optimize solutions that are used in 30 countries. The architecture provides a strong foundation for Porsche Informatik's software developers and employees in order to drive digitalization of the automotive industry. With VMware vRealize Automation, the company has significantly reduced time to market. The cloud automation platform provides real time test systems for internal and external developers. Infrastructure costs and manpower can be saved due to fewer tickets to IT administrators as well as streamlining of approvals.\n\"Today, Porsche Informatik employees realize more projects in the same amount of time \u2013 and boost the company's productivity considerably,\" said Gerald Nezerka, Team Lead Virtualization & Storage at Porsche Informatik. \"VMware vRealize Automation has helped increase efficiency by automating complex IT tasks and optimizing efficiency of service provisioning, operational management and IT agility.\"\nYorkshire Water Maximizes Private Cloud Usage Based in Bradford, UK, Yorkshire Water is one of the UK's leading utility companies. It manages over 62,000 miles of pipework connecting water systems across England's largest county, providing 1.24 billion liters of drinking water each day. The business has pledged to digitally transform the way it works. It favors \"as a service\" technologies, greater automation, and a widespread use of cloud infrastructure. By adopting VMware vRealize Suite, the business is maximizing the use of its IT resources, simplifying the management of its private cloud environment and improving IT agility. The suite has enabled Yorkshire Water's IT team to speed server provisioning by 84x (from seven days to two hours) as well as to consolidate its hosts to reduce previously wasted compute resources by 38 percent.\n\"By leveraging the in depth capacity management capabilities of vRealize Operations we're able to assess virtual workloads and look to consolidate where practicable,\" said Paul Bayley, senior infrastructure engineer, Yorkshire Water. \"This leads to a lower physical footprint in turn reducing the power consumption, cooling demand and lowering operational management of rack space.\"\nAdditional Resources", "URL": "https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2019/11/06/1942062/0/en/VMware-Helps-Customers-to-Achieve-Digital-Transformation-Efforts-with-the-vRealize-Suite-Hybrid-Cloud-Management-Platform.html"}, {"Title": "Eurobites: Ericsson Adds Brain-Power to Its RAN Technology", "Text": "Also in today's EMEA regional roundup: VEON trials 5G in Kazakhstan; T Systems launches private cloud trial with VMware; Openet and Evergent combine on BSS.\nEricsson has added a dash of artificial intelligence to its radio access network (RAN) software, which the vendor says helps optimize their networks through improved traffic management and ultimately deliver a better user experience. Ericsson claims that 5G coverage can be boosted by 25% using the new AI bells and whistles, which are available from next month and can be enabled with a remote software update.\nVEON, the Amsterdam headquartered but Central Asia focused operator, has launched a large scale 5G network trial in Shymkent, Kazakhstan, with operator Kar Tel, which operates under the Beeline brand. Nokia is providing the technical wherewithal for the tests, the initial results of which show that a downlink speed of 1 Gbit/s has been achieved, according to the operator. Kar Tel's network architecture is aligned with the latest \"non standalone\" 5G release, NSA 3X, which allows 5G devices to aggregate LTE and 5G radio channels to achieve higher download speeds.\nT Systems, Deutsche Telekom's IT services arm, is launching a free trial for companies wanting to give the private cloud a go, using cloud VMware's technology. Those taking part will, says T Systems, be able to use private cloud capacity from a T\u2011Systems data center with the same look and feel as public cloud services. The trial phase is set to begin on December 1 and last for a maximum of six weeks.\nIreland's Openet is to supply its real time charging and policy systems to Evergent, itself a California based purveyor of revenue and \"customer lifecycle\" management solutions to digital service providers.\nUK based Red Bee Media has teamed up with Spring Media, a Swedish sports rights agency, to launch the unpronounceable Wnited, which the pair say is the world's first global OTT service dedicated to women's soccer. Wnited will bring together multi camera content from top leagues in Europe, Asia and the Americas as well as national team matches for global audiences, on both free and subscription based models.\n Paul Rainford, Assistant Editor, Europe, Light Reading", "URL": "https://www.lightreading.com/artificial-intelligence-machine-learning/eurobites-ericsson-adds-brain-power-to-its-ran-technology/d/d-id/755002"}, {"Title": "Nokia and VMware Expand Partnership to Ease Large-Scale, Multi-Cloud Operations", "Text": "Nokia and VMware have announced an expanded partnership that includes the development of integrated solutions to support communications service providers' (CSPs) drive for operational improvements and cost efficiency through large scale, multi cloud operations.\nAfter years of working with virtual or cloud based network functions in limited production deployments, CSPs need to build out these functions at scale to handle the increasing use of new data intensive applications for tomorrow's 5G and edge computing use cases. Success of this strategy is dependent on seamless interoperability and efficient operations of cloud based network functions.\nVMware and Nokia have a broad mutual customer base globally, across both companies' portfolios. Through the expanded partnership announced today, the two companies will advance the interoperability between Nokia software applications and VMware's Telco Cloud, including VMware vCloud NFV. Nokia and VMware will also increase their investments in a deeper partnership with technology collaboration and advanced research & development to develop integrated solutions. As a result, CSPs will be able to more easily meet their business and use case objectives, using VMware cloud infrastructure that is engineered to work together with Nokia virtualized and containerized network functions.\nNokia and VMware have been working together to create seamless cloud redundancy by running Nokia's applications, such as Nokia Service Management Platform, on VMware's Telco Cloud platform and VMware HCX, an application mobility platform designed for simplifying application migration, workload rebalancing, and optimized disaster recovery across data centers and clouds. This will enable customers to embrace a multi cloud strategy to unify network and IT environments and connect them to private enterprise clouds, edge clouds, and public clouds.\nNokia will continue to focus on the technical certification of Nokia VNFs and software applications on VMware vCloud NFV platform through a dedicated, on site VMware Ready for NFV Certification Lab. The new lab includes performance characterization to enable CSPs to properly configure their technology environments for the best results. With the Certification Lab, Nokia and VMware will serve customers in an accelerated fashion, keeping pace with new features and releases and enabling better roadmap alignment between the two companies' portfolios.\nSeveral Nokia software applications, such as Nokia CloudBand Application Manager and Nokia Smart Plan Suite, along with virtual IMS, virtual packet core and session border controller are already certified for operations in VMware cloud environments. These and others can be found on VMware Solution Exchange.\nDr. Alex Jinsung Choi, Senior Vice President, Strategy & Technology Innovation, Deutsche Telekom, said: \"We are pleased to see Nokia and VMware come closer together to enable a more seamless deployment of Nokia VNFs and CNFs on VMware's Telco Cloud platform. We see great value in these two companies' portfolios featuring greater interoperability and believe the contribution this expanded partnership will make to a viable ecosystem will help us accelerate our digital transformation.\"\nShekar Ayyar, Executive Vice President and General Manager, Telco and Edge Cloud, VMware, said: \"With the advent of 5G and edge computing, customers are adopting VMware's container ready Telco Cloud supported by innovative efforts like Project Maestro multi domain orchestrator. We are delighted to partner with Nokia to enable faster deployment of Nokia virtual and containerized virtual functions on VMware cloud infrastructure, ultimately helping our customers prepare their telco cloud networks for the future.\"\nBhaskar Gorti, President of Nokia Software, said: \"In today's digital era, communications service providers expect software solutions to be cloud native and hardware agnostic, with multi vendor and multi network capabilities built in. The expanded partnership we are announcing today gives Nokia and VMware greater scope and capacity to accelerate innovation and best anticipate and deliver against the expectations of our mutual customers.\" Nokia\nPowered by the research and innovation of Nokia Bell Labs, we serve communications service providers, governments, large enterprises and consumers, with the industry's most complete, end to end portfolio of products, services and licensing. We adhere to the highest ethical business standards as we create technology with social purpose, quality and integrity. Nokia is enabling the infrastructure for 5G and the Internet of Things to transform the human experience. Company Profile VMware\nVMware streamlines the journey for organizations to become digital businesses that deliver better experiences to their customers and empower employees to do their best work. Our software spans compute, cloud, networking and security, and digital workspace.", "URL": "https://www.albawaba.com/business/pr/nokia-and-vmware-expand-partnership-ease-large-scale-multi-cloud-operations-1322433"}, {"Title": "Nokia and VMware team up on VNF testing and NFV", "Text": "RELATED: VMware bows Project Maestro orchestrator to drive automation across any network or cloud\nLast week at VMworld 2019 Europe, VMware took the wraps off of its Project Maestro telco cloud orchestrator and also announced a VNF Self Certification program. Project Maestro is a \"cloud down\" approach by VMware to model, on board, orchestrate and manage virtual network functions (VNFs) and CNFs. Project Maestro is currently in preview mode for telcos with general availability slated for early next year.\nNokia and VMware have a broad mutual customer base across both of their portfolios, and they are working to advance the interoperability between Nokia's software applications and VMware's Telco Cloud, which includes VMware vCloud NFV.\nNokia Service Management is running on VMware's Telco Cloud Platform and VMware HXC. The two companies are working together to help customers create a multi cloud strategy for their network and IT environment by connecting them to private enterprise clouds, edge clouds and public clouds.\nSeveral Nokia software applications, such as Nokia CloudBand Application Manager and Nokia Smart Plan Suite, along with virtual IMS, virtual packet core and session border controller are already certified for operations in VMware cloud environments.\n\"We are pleased to see Nokia and VMware come closer together to enable a more seamless deployment of Nokia VNFs and CNFs on VMware's Telco Cloud platform,\" said Dr. Alex Jinsung Choi, senior vice president, strategy and technology innovation, Deutsche Telekom, in a prepared statement. \"We see great value in these two companies' portfolios featuring greater interoperability and believe the contribution this expanded partnership will make to a viable ecosystem will help us accelerate our digital transformation.\" Read more on", "URL": "https://www.fiercetelecom.com/telecom/nokia-and-vmware-team-up-vnf-testing-and-nfv"}, {"Title": "Deutsche Telekom's T-Systems picks VMware for disaster recovery", "Text": "Deutsche Telekom's T Systems subsidiary has deployed VMware's disaster recovery as a service platform on its Dynamic Services for Infrastructure (DSI.)\nWith the deployment, T Systems is laying claim to being the first European company certified to offer VMware's disaster recovery service.\nThe recovery service offers customers simple, secure and cost effective on boarding, migration and disaster recovery for multi tenant VMware clouds, all of which keeps T Systems' business customers protected from unexpected events. Sponsored by Ciena Adaptive means game ready networks Gaming hinges on an instantaneous, flawless experience. To compete, your network must adapt. Let the games begin. Game on. Click Here to Read the Full Article\n\"With VMware vCloud Availability on DSI vCloud we offer our clients a service that is unique in the market,\" said Deutsche Telekom's Frank Strecker, senior vice president of cloud computing and big data, in a statement. \"In our capacity as a cloud integrator, we are making it as easy as possible for our customers to use cloud services in a secure manner. Customers can implement this cloud native solution through a fully automated process. They just pay per use.\"\nRELATED: Deutsche Telekom takes back some of T Systems' operations as part of re org\nWith cloud based disaster recovery becoming one of the fastest growing segments for cloud services, vCloud offers cloud providers the ability to deliver integrated migration and on boarding services to the cloud and from one cloud to another.\n\"VMware vCloud Availability on DSI vCloud, enables T Systems to offer robust business continuity to organizations of all sizes,\" said Rajeev Bhardwaj, vice president of products (CPSBU) at VMware, in a statement. \"Dynamic Services for Infrastructure with vCloud empowers companies to recover data quickly and avoid business outages when a man made or natural disaster strikes.\"\nLast week, Deutsche Telekom announced it had picked VMware's VeloCloud SD WAN offering as one of its vendors. In August, T Systems was the first provider to globally launch Cisco's Viptela based customer premise equipment on its IntraSelect SD WAN managed service. In addition to VMware, T Systems has also partnered with SilverPeak on over the top SD WAN. Read more on", "URL": "https://www.fiercetelecom.com/telecom/deutsche-telekom-s-t-systems-picks-vmware-for-disaster-recovery"}, {"Title": "Nokia And VMware Expand Partnership To Ease Large-Scale, Multi-Cloud Operations | Communications Today", "Text": "Nokia and VMware announced an expanded partnership that includes the development of integrated solutions to support communications service providers' (CSPs) drive for operational improvements and cost efficiency through large scale, multi cloud operations.\nAfter years of working with virtual or cloud based network functions in limited production deployments, CSPs need to build out these functions at scale to handle the increasing use of new data intensive applications for tomorrow's 5G and edge computing use cases. Success of this strategy is dependent on seamless interoperability and efficient operations of cloud based network functions.\nVMware and Nokia have a broad mutual customer base globally, across both companies' portfolios. Through the expanded partnership announced today, the two companies will advance the interoperability between Nokia software applications and VMware's Telco Cloud, including VMware vCloud NFV. Nokia and VMware will also increase their investments in a deeper partnership with technology collaboration and advanced research & development to develop integrated solutions. As a result, CSPs will be able to more easily meet their business and use case objectives, using VMware cloud infrastructure that is engineered to work together with Nokia virtualized and containerized network functions.\nNokia and VMware have been working together to create seamless cloud redundancy by running Nokia's applications, such as Nokia Service Management Platform, on VMware's Telco Cloud platform and VMware HCX, an application mobility platform designed for simplifying application migration, workload rebalancing, and optimized disaster recovery across data centers and clouds. This will enable customers to embrace a multi cloud strategy to unify network and IT environments and connect them to private enterprise clouds, edge clouds, and public clouds.\nNokia will continue to focus on the technical certification of Nokia VNFs and software applications on VMware vCloud NFV platform through a dedicated, on site VMware Ready for NFV Certification Lab. The new lab includes performance characterization to enable CSPs to properly configure their technology environments for the best results. With the Certification Lab, Nokia and VMware will serve customers in an accelerated fashion, keeping pace with new features and releases and enabling better roadmap alignment between the two companies' portfolios.\nSeveral Nokia software applications, such as Nokia CloudBand Application Manager and Nokia Smart Plan Suite, along with virtual IMS, virtual packet core and session border controller are already certified for operations in VMware cloud environments. These and others can be found on VMware Solution Exchange.\nDr. Alex Jinsung Choi, Senior Vice President, Strategy & Technology Innovation, Deutsche Telekom, said : \"We are pleased to see Nokia and VMware come closer together to enable a more seamless deployment of Nokia VNFs and CNFs on VMware's Telco Cloud platform. We see great value in these two companies' portfolios featuring greater interoperability and believe the contribution this expanded partnership will make to a viable ecosystem will help us accelerate our digital transformation.\"\nShekar Ayyar, Executive Vice President and General Manager, Telco and Edge Cloud, VMware, said : \"With the advent of 5G and edge computing, customers are adopting VMware's container ready Telco Cloud supported by innovative efforts like Project Maestro multi domain orchestrator. We are delighted to partner with Nokia to enable faster deployment of Nokia virtual and containerized virtual functions on VMware cloud infrastructure, ultimately helping our customers prepare their telco cloud networks for the future.\"\nBhaskar Gorti, President of Nokia Software, said: \"In today's digital era, communications service providers expect software solutions to be cloud native and hardware agnostic, with multi vendor and multi network capabilities built in. The expanded partnership we are announcing today gives Nokia and VMware greater scope and capacity to accelerate innovation and best anticipate and deliver against the expectations of our mutual customers.\" CT Bureau Share this:", "URL": "https://www.communicationstoday.co.in/nokia-and-vmware-expand-partnership-to-ease-large-scale-multi-cloud-operations/"}, {"Title": "Nokia and VMware expand partnership to ease large-scale, multi-cloud operations", "Text": "Posted By: EC News Desk on: November 27, 2019 In: Cloud Computing , Partner News Shekar Ayyar, EVP and GM, Telco and Edge Cloud, VMware\nNokia and VMware have announced an expanded partnership that includes the development of integrated solutions to support communications service providers', CSPs, drive for operational improvements and cost efficiency through large scale, multi cloud operations.\nAfter years of working with virtual or cloud based network functions in limited production deployments, CSPs need to build out these functions at scale to handle the increasing use of new data intensive applications for tomorrow's 5G and edge computing use cases. Success of this strategy is dependent on seamless interoperability and efficient operations of cloud based network functions.\nVMware and Nokia have a broad mutual customer base globally, across both companies' portfolios. Through the expanded partnership announced today, the two companies will advance the interoperability between Nokia software applications and VMware's Telco Cloud, including VMware vCloud NFV. Nokia and VMware will also increase their investments in a deeper partnership with technology collaboration and advanced research and development to develop integrated solutions.\nAs a result, CSPs will be able to more easily meet their business and use case objectives, using VMware cloud infrastructure that is engineered to work together with Nokia virtualised and containerised network functions.\nNokia and VMware have been working together to create seamless cloud redundancy by running Nokia's applications, such as Nokia Service Management Platform, on VMware's Telco Cloud platform and VMware HCX, an application mobility platform designed for simplifying application migration, workload rebalancing, and optimised disaster recovery across data centres and clouds.\nThis will enable customers to embrace a multi cloud strategy to unify network and IT environments and connect them to private enterprise clouds, edge clouds, and public clouds.\nNokia will continue to focus on the technical certification of Nokia VNFs and software applications on VMware vCloud NFV platform through a dedicated, on site VMware Ready for NFV Certification Lab. The new lab includes performance characterisation to enable CSPs to properly configure their technology environments for the best results.\nWith the Certification Lab, Nokia and VMware will serve customers in an accelerated fashion, keeping pace with new features and releases and enabling better roadmap alignment between the two companies' portfolios.\nSeveral Nokia software applications, such as Nokia CloudBand Application Manager and Nokia Smart Plan Suite, along with virtual IMS, virtual packet core and session border controller are already certified for operations in VMware cloud environments. These and others can be found on VMware Solution Exchange.\nDr Alex Jinsung Choi, Senior Vice President, Strategy and Technology Innovation, Deutsche Telekom, said: \"We are pleased to see Nokia and VMware come closer together to enable a more seamless deployment of Nokia VNFs and CNFs on VMware's Telco Cloud platform. We see great value in these two companies' portfolios featuring greater interoperability and believe the contribution this expanded partnership will make to a viable ecosystem will help us accelerate our digital transformation.\"\nShekar Ayyar, Executive Vice President and General Manager, Telco and Edge Cloud, VMware, said: \"With the advent of 5G and edge computing, customers are adopting VMware's container ready Telco Cloud supported by innovative efforts like Project Maestro multi domain orchestrator. We are delighted to partner with Nokia to enable faster deployment of Nokia virtual and containerised virtual functions on VMware cloud infrastructure, ultimately helping our customers prepare their telco cloud networks for the future.\"\nBhaskar Gorti, President of Nokia Software, said: \"In today's digital era, communications service providers expect software solutions to be cloud native and hardware agnostic, with multi vendor and multi network capabilities built in. The expanded partnership we are announcing today gives Nokia and VMware greater scope and capacity to accelerate innovation and best anticipate and deliver against the expectations of our mutual customers.\" Share this:", "URL": "https://www.ec-mea.com/nokia-and-vmware-expand-partnership-to-ease-large-scale-multi-cloud-operations/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "AAA Life Insurance Co", "industry": "Insurance", "segment": "Enterprise", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "VMware, Inc.", "intensity": 18.0, "score": 65660, "relationshipStrength": "Strong", "news": [{"Title": "VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) CFO Sells $3,956,066.59 in Stock", "Text": "VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) CFO Zane Rowe sold 22,579 shares of VMware stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $175.21, for a total value of $3,956,066.59. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 166,974 shares of the company's stock, valued at approximately $29,255,514.54. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link.\nZane Rowe also recently made the following trade(s):\nGet VMware alerts: On Tuesday, April 2nd, Zane Rowe sold 48,630 shares of VMware stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $183.25, for a total value of $8,911,447.50. Shares of VMW stock traded down $0.28 on Friday, reaching $169.18. 887,906 shares of the company's stock traded hands, compared to its average volume of 1,213,688. VMware, Inc. has a 12 month low of $129.33 and a 12 month high of $206.80. The company has a quick ratio of 0.97, a current ratio of 0.97 and a debt to equity ratio of 7.57. The company has a market capitalization of $69.23 billion, a P/E ratio of 34.32, a P/E/G ratio of 2.61 and a beta of 0.80. The company has a 50 day moving average of $179.20.\nVMware (NYSE:VMW) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 30th. The virtualization software provider reported $1.32 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts' consensus estimates of $0.90 by $0.42. VMware had a return on equity of 36.48% and a net margin of 21.50%. The business had revenue of $2.27 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.25 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.26 earnings per share. VMware's revenue for the quarter was up 12.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that VMware, Inc. will post 4.87 EPS for the current year.\nA number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of VMW. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY lifted its position in shares of VMware by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 5,467 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $750,000 after buying an additional 77 shares during the last quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC lifted its position in shares of VMware by 20.8% during the 1st quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC now owns 493 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $88,000 after purchasing an additional 85 shares during the last quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC lifted its position in shares of VMware by 26.2% during the 1st quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 458 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $83,000 after purchasing an additional 95 shares during the last quarter. Utah Retirement Systems lifted its position in shares of VMware by 0.8% during the 4th quarter. Utah Retirement Systems now owns 13,048 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $1,789,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Prudential PLC lifted its position in shares of VMware by 4.2% during the 4th quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 2,500 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $343,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 17.96% of the company's stock.\nSeveral analysts have weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded VMware from a \"hold\" rating to a \"sell\" rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 30th. BMO Capital Markets lifted their target price on VMware from $195.00 to $198.00 and gave the company an \"outperform\" rating in a research note on Friday, May 31st. KeyCorp lifted their target price on VMware from $192.00 to $206.00 and gave the company an \"overweight\" rating in a research note on Thursday, April 18th. Wedbush lifted their target price on VMware from $190.00 to $210.00 and gave the company an \"outperform\" rating in a research note on Thursday, April 11th. Finally, Morgan Stanley dropped their price objective on VMware from $192.00 to $190.00 and set an \"equal weight\" rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, May 31st. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of \"Hold\" and an average price target of $192.23.\nVMware Company Profile\nVMware, Inc provides software in the areas of hybrid cloud, multi cloud, modern applications, networking and security, and digital workspaces in the United States and internationally. The company offers compute products, including VMware vSphere, a data center platform, which enables users to deploy hypervisor, a layer of software that resides between the operating system and system hardware to enable compute virtualization; and cloud management products for businesses with automated operation, programmable provisioning, and application monitoring solutions.\nFeatured Story: No Load Funds\nReceive News & Ratings for VMware Daily analysts' ratings for VMware and related companies daily email newsletter.", "URL": "https://mayfieldrecorder.com/2019/07/08/vmware-inc-nysevmw-cfo-zane-rowe-sells-22579-shares-of-stock.html"}, {"Title": "VMware (VMW) Shares Gap Down Following Analyst Downgrade", "Text": "VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) gapped down before the market opened on Monday after Morgan Stanley lowered their price target on the stock from $192.00 to $190.00. The stock had previously closed at $175.67, but opened at $176.98. Morgan Stanley currently has an equal weight rating on the stock. VMware shares last traded at $170.64, with a volume of 58621 shares.\nA number of other equities research analysts have also recently commented on the company. Raymond James lifted their price objective on VMware from $196.00 to $206.00 and gave the stock an \"outperform\" rating in a research note on Friday. KeyCorp reaffirmed an \"overweight\" rating and set a $214.00 price objective (up from $206.00) on shares of VMware in a research note on Friday. Bank of America reissued a \"buy\" rating and issued a $225.00 target price on shares of VMware in a research note on Friday. Wedbush reissued a \"buy\" rating and issued a $210.00 target price on shares of VMware in a research note on Friday. Finally, Jefferies Financial Group boosted their target price on VMware from $203.00 to $213.00 and gave the company a \"buy\" rating in a research note on Friday. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of \"Buy\" and an average price target of $194.50.\nGet VMware alerts: In other news, CEO Patrick P. Gelsinger sold 20,000 shares of the business's stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $203.89, for a total value of $4,077,800.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 448,888 shares in the company, valued at $91,523,774.32. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, COO Rajiv Ramaswami sold 14,862 shares of the business's stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $200.36, for a total value of $2,977,750.32. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 234,273 shares in the company, valued at $46,938,938.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 294,810 shares of company stock valued at $54,382,319. Insiders own 28.80% of the company's stock.\nSeveral institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY lifted its holdings in shares of VMware by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 5,467 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $750,000 after purchasing an additional 77 shares in the last quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC lifted its holdings in shares of VMware by 20.8% in the first quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC now owns 493 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $88,000 after purchasing an additional 85 shares in the last quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC raised its holdings in VMware by 26.2% during the first quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 458 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $83,000 after acquiring an additional 95 shares in the last quarter. Utah Retirement Systems raised its holdings in VMware by 0.8% during the fourth quarter. Utah Retirement Systems now owns 13,048 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $1,789,000 after acquiring an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential PLC raised its holdings in VMware by 4.2% during the fourth quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 2,500 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $343,000 after acquiring an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 17.90% of the company's stock.\nThe firm $72.64 billion, a PE ratio of 34.54, a PEG ratio of 2.72 and a beta of 0.90. The company has a debt to equity ratio of 7.70, a current ratio of 0.99 and a quick ratio of 0.99.\nVMware (NYSE:VMW) last released its earnings results on Thursday, May 30th. The virtualization software provider reported $1.32 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.90 by $0.42. VMware had a return on equity of 28.06% and a net margin of 21.50%. The business had revenue of $2.27 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.25 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.26 earnings per share. VMware's revenue was up 12.8% on a year over year basis. Equities analysts expect that VMware, Inc. will post 4.87 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.\nTRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first published by Transcript Daily and is owned by of Transcript Daily. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at https://transcriptdaily.com/2019/06/03/vmware vmw shares gap down following analyst downgrade.html.\nAbout VMware ( NYSE:VMW )\nVMware, Inc provides software in the areas of hybrid cloud, multi cloud, modern applications, networking and security, and digital workspaces in the United States and internationally. The company offers compute products, including VMware vSphere, a data center platform, which enables users to deploy hypervisor, a layer of software that resides between the operating system and system hardware to enable compute virtualization; and cloud management products for businesses with automated operation, programmable provisioning, and application monitoring solutions.\nRead More: Risk Tolerance and Your Investment Decisions\nReceive News & Ratings for VMware analysts' ratings for VMware and related companies daily email newsletter.", "URL": "https://transcriptdaily.com/2019/06/03/vmware-vmw-shares-gap-down-following-analyst-downgrade.html"}, {"Title": "Clearbridge Investments LLC Acquires 67,177 Shares of VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW)", "Text": "Clearbridge Investments LLC boosted its holdings in shares of VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) by 3.2% in the 1st quarter, according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 2,149,355 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock after purchasing an additional 67,177 shares during the period. Clearbridge Investments LLC owned approximately 0.53% of VMware worth $387,980,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.\nA number of other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY lifted its stake in VMware by 1.4% during the fourth quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 5,467 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $750,000 after purchasing an additional 77 shares during the last quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC lifted its position in shares of VMware by 20.8% in the 1st quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC now owns 493 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $88,000 after acquiring an additional 85 shares in the last quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC lifted its position in shares of VMware by 26.2% in the 1st quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 458 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $83,000 after acquiring an additional 95 shares in the last quarter. Utah Retirement Systems lifted its position in shares of VMware by 0.8% in the 4th quarter. Utah Retirement Systems now owns 13,048 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $1,789,000 after acquiring an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential PLC lifted its position in shares of VMware by 4.2% in the 4th quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 2,500 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $343,000 after acquiring an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. 17.90% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Get VMware alerts:\nIn other VMware news, CFO Zane Rowe sold 22,579 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $175.21, for a total value of $3,956,066.59. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 166,974 shares in the company, valued at approximately $29,255,514.54. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider P. Kevan Krysler sold 2,661 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, June 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $173.96, for a total transaction of $462,907.56. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 34,774 shares of the company's stock, valued at approximately $6,049,285.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 265,383 shares of company stock valued at $48,853,082. Insiders own 28.80% of the company's stock.\nVMW has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Morgan Stanley reduced their price target on shares of VMware from $192.00 to $190.00 and set an \"equal weight\" rating for the company in a research report on Friday, May 31st. Oppenheimer upped their price target on shares of VMware from $200.00 to $220.00 and gave the company an \"outperform\" rating in a research report on Monday, April 29th. Goldman Sachs Group downgraded shares of VMware from a \"neutral\" rating to a \"sell\" rating and set a $177.00 price target for the company. in a research report on Wednesday, March 6th. Nomura set a $130.00 price target on shares of VMware and gave the company a \"sell\" rating in a research report on Friday, March 1st. Finally, BMO Capital Markets upped their price target on shares of VMware from $195.00 to $198.00 and gave the company an \"outperform\" rating in a research report on Friday, May 31st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and fourteen have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of \"Hold\" and a consensus target price of $192.23.\nVMW stock opened at $166.87 on Tuesday. VMware, Inc. has a 12 month low of $129.33 and a 12 month high of $206.80. The company has a current ratio of 0.97, a quick ratio of 0.97 and a debt to equity ratio of 7.57. The stock has a market cap of $69.02 billion, a P/E ratio of 33.85, a price to earnings growth ratio of 2.60 and a beta of 0.90. The business has a 50 day moving average of $189.67.\nVMware (NYSE:VMW) last released its earnings results on Thursday, May 30th. The virtualization software provider reported $1.32 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts' consensus estimates of $0.90 by $0.42. VMware had a net margin of 21.50% and a return on equity of 36.48%. The company had revenue of $2.27 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.25 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.26 EPS. The company's revenue was up 12.8% compared to the same quarter last year. As a group, analysts expect that VMware, Inc. will post 4.87 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: \"Clearbridge Investments LLC Acquires 67,177 Shares of VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW)\" was originally reported by American Banking News and is the sole property of of American Banking News. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.americanbankingnews.com/2019/06/18/clearbridge investments llc acquires 67177 shares of vmware inc nysevmw.html.\nAbout VMware\nVMware, Inc provides software in the areas of hybrid cloud, multi cloud, modern applications, networking and security, and digital workspaces in the United States and internationally. The company offers compute products, including VMware vSphere, a data center platform, which enables users to deploy hypervisor, a layer of software that resides between the operating system and system hardware to enable compute virtualization; and cloud management products for businesses with automated operation, programmable provisioning, and application monitoring solutions. VMware VMware", "URL": "https://www.americanbankingnews.com/2019/06/18/clearbridge-investments-llc-acquires-67177-shares-of-vmware-inc-nysevmw.html"}, {"Title": "$2.43 Billion in Sales Expected for VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) This Quarter", "Text": "$2.43 Billion in Sales Expected for VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) This Quarter Posted by Stephan Jacobs | Jun 16th, 2019\nBrokerages predict that VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) will report $2.43 billion in sales for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks reports. Nine analysts have provided estimates for VMware's earnings. The highest sales estimate is $2.43 billion and the lowest is $2.42 billion. VMware reported sales of $2.17 billion during the same quarter last year, which indicates a positive year over year growth rate of 12%. The firm is scheduled to announce its next earnings report on Thursday, August 22nd.\nAccording to Zacks, analysts expect that VMware will report full year sales of $10.03 billion for the current financial year, with estimates ranging from $10.03 billion to $10.06 billion. For the next year, analysts forecast that the company will report sales of $10.99 billion, with estimates ranging from $10.81 billion to $11.10 billion. Zacks Investment Research's sales averages are an average based on a survey of research firms that that provide coverage for VMware. Get VMware alerts:\nVMware (NYSE:VMW) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 30th. The virtualization software provider reported $1.32 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.90 by $0.42. VMware had a net margin of 21.50% and a return on equity of 36.48%. The firm had revenue of $2.27 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.25 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.26 EPS. The firm's quarterly revenue was up 12.8% on a year over year basis.\nVMW has been the subject of several analyst reports. Citigroup lifted their price target on shares of VMware from $166.00 to $201.00 and gave the company a \"buy\" rating in a report on Friday, March 1st. Deutsche Bank lifted their price target on shares of VMware from $190.00 to $200.00 and gave the company a \"buy\" rating in a report on Friday, March 1st. Jefferies Financial Group reissued a \"buy\" rating and set a $203.00 price target on shares of VMware in a report on Friday, March 1st. Bank of America lifted their price target on shares of VMware from $190.00 to $200.00 and gave the company a \"buy\" rating in a report on Wednesday, February 27th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of VMware from a \"hold\" rating to a \"buy\" rating and set a $228.00 price target for the company in a report on Monday, May 6th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company's stock. VMware presently has a consensus rating of \"Hold\" and a consensus price target of $192.23.\nVMW stock traded down $6.20 during trading on Tuesday, hitting $168.29. 1,205,575 shares of the stock traded hands, compared to its average volume of 1,333,725. VMware has a one year low of $129.33 and a one year high of $206.80. The company has a market capitalization of $68.87 billion, a P/E ratio of 34.14, a P/E/G ratio of 2.60 and a beta of 0.90. The company has a quick ratio of 0.99, a current ratio of 0.97 and a debt to equity ratio of 7.57.\nIn other news, CEO Patrick P. Gelsinger sold 20,000 shares of VMware stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $203.89, for a total transaction of $4,077,800.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 448,888 shares in the company, valued at approximately $91,523,774.32. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, COO Sanjay Poonen sold 50,000 shares of VMware stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $182.60, for a total transaction of $9,130,000.00. Following the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 308,556 shares of the company's stock, valued at approximately $56,342,325.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 315,383 shares of company stock valued at $57,983,082 in the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 28.80% of the company's stock.\nSeveral large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY grew its position in shares of VMware by 1.4% during the 4th quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 5,467 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $750,000 after buying an additional 77 shares during the period. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC grew its holdings in VMware by 20.8% during the first quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC now owns 493 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $88,000 after purchasing an additional 85 shares during the period. Parallel Advisors LLC grew its holdings in VMware by 26.2% during the first quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 458 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $83,000 after purchasing an additional 95 shares during the period. Utah Retirement Systems grew its holdings in VMware by 0.8% during the fourth quarter. Utah Retirement Systems now owns 13,048 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $1,789,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares during the period. Finally, Prudential PLC grew its holdings in VMware by 4.2% during the fourth quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 2,500 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $343,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 17.91% of the company's stock.\nVMware Company Profile\nVMware, Inc provides software in the areas of hybrid cloud, multi cloud, modern applications, networking and security, and digital workspaces in the United States and internationally. The company offers compute products, including VMware vSphere, a data center platform, which enables users to deploy hypervisor, a layer of software that resides between the operating system and system hardware to enable compute virtualization; and cloud management products for businesses with automated operation, programmable provisioning, and application monitoring solutions.\nGet a free copy of the Zacks research report on VMware (VMW)\nFor more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for VMware analysts' ratings for VMware and related companies daily email newsletter. \u00ab", "URL": "https://www.thelincolnianonline.com/2019/06/16/2-43-billion-in-sales-expected-for-vmware-inc-nysevmw-this-quarter.html"}, {"Title": "VMware, Inc. (VMW) Shares Sold by Creative Planning", "Text": "Posted by John. R. Edwardson on May 5th, 2019\nCreative Planning lowered its position in shares of VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) by 49.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 4,723 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock after selling 4,586 shares during the quarter. Creative Planning's holdings in VMware were worth $853,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.\nA number of other institutional investors and hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the business. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY boosted its position in VMware by 1.4% during the fourth quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 5,467 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $750,000 after acquiring an additional 77 shares during the last quarter. Biltmore Wealth Management LLC boosted its position in shares of VMware by 2.0% during the 4th quarter. Biltmore Wealth Management LLC now owns 4,201 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $576,000 after purchasing an additional 83 shares in the last quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of VMware by 20.8% during the 1st quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC now owns 493 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $88,000 after purchasing an additional 85 shares in the last quarter. Utah Retirement Systems boosted its position in shares of VMware by 0.8% during the 4th quarter. Utah Retirement Systems now owns 13,048 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $1,789,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential PLC boosted its position in shares of VMware by 4.2% during the 4th quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 2,500 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $343,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. 17.92% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Get VMware alerts:\nIn related news, CEO Patrick P. Gelsinger sold 21,086 shares of the firm's stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $178.74, for a total value of $3,768,911.64. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 277,920 shares of the company's stock, valued at approximately $49,675,420.80. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Patrick P. Gelsinger sold 20,000 shares of the firm's stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $203.89, for a total transaction of $4,077,800.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 448,888 shares in the company, valued at approximately $91,523,774.32. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 315,896 shares of company stock worth $58,151,231. 29.90% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of equities analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Deutsche Bank increased their price objective on shares of VMware from $215.00 to $230.00 and gave the stock a \"buy\" rating in a research report on Wednesday. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of VMware from a \"hold\" rating to a \"sell\" rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 30th. Oppenheimer increased their price objective on shares of VMware from $200.00 to $220.00 and gave the stock an \"outperform\" rating in a research report on Monday, April 29th. KeyCorp increased their price objective on shares of VMware from $192.00 to $206.00 and gave the stock an \"overweight\" rating in a research report on Thursday, April 18th. Finally, Wedbush increased their price objective on shares of VMware from $190.00 to $210.00 and gave the stock an \"outperform\" rating in a research report on Thursday, April 11th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the company's stock. VMware currently has an average rating of \"Hold\" and an average target price of $184.57.\nShares of NYSE VMW opened at $203.28 on Friday. VMware, Inc. has a fifty two week low of $129.33 and a fifty two week high of $205.44. The stock has a market capitalization of $83.43 billion, a P/E ratio of 41.23, a price to earnings growth ratio of 3.27 and a beta of 0.80. The company has a current ratio of 0.99, a quick ratio of 0.99 and a debt to equity ratio of 7.70.\nVMware (NYSE:VMW) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 28th. The virtualization software provider reported $1.60 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $1.50 by $0.10. VMware had a net margin of 26.99% and a return on equity of 25.50%. The business had revenue of $2.59 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $2.50 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.68 EPS. As a group, sell side analysts expect that VMware, Inc. will post 4.87 earnings per share for the current year.\nAbout VMware\nVMware, Inc provides software in the areas of hybrid cloud, multi cloud, modern applications, networking and security, and digital workspaces in the United States and internationally. The company offers compute products, including VMware vSphere, a data center platform, which enables users to deploy hypervisor, a layer of software that resides between the operating system and system hardware to enable compute virtualization; and cloud management products for businesses with automated operation, programmable provisioning, and application monitoring solutions.\nRecommended Story: Swap\nWant to see what other hedge funds are holding VMW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW). Receive News & Ratings for VMware Daily Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for VMware and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.", "URL": "https://www.wkrb13.com/2019/05/05/vmware-inc-vmw-shares-sold-by-creative-planning.html"}, {"Title": "Marshall Wace LLP Raises Holdings in VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW)", "Text": "Marshall Wace LLP Raises Holdings in VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) Posted by Cindy Kellogue on Jun 19th, 2019\nMarshall Wace LLP grew its position in VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) by 169.3% in the 1st quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 52,477 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock after buying an additional 32,993 shares during the quarter. Marshall Wace LLP's holdings in VMware were worth $9,472,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.\nSeveral other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the business. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY lifted its holdings in shares of VMware by 1.4% in the 4th quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 5,467 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $750,000 after buying an additional 77 shares during the period. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC lifted its holdings in shares of VMware by 20.8% in the 1st quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC now owns 493 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $88,000 after buying an additional 85 shares during the period. Parallel Advisors LLC lifted its holdings in shares of VMware by 26.2% in the 1st quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 458 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $83,000 after buying an additional 95 shares during the period. Utah Retirement Systems lifted its holdings in shares of VMware by 0.8% in the 4th quarter. Utah Retirement Systems now owns 13,048 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $1,789,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. Finally, Prudential PLC lifted its holdings in shares of VMware by 4.2% in the 4th quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 2,500 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $343,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 17.90% of the company's stock. Get VMware alerts:\nIn related news, COO Rangarajan (Raghu) Raghuram sold 45,741 shares of the company's stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $182.66, for a total transaction of $8,355,051.06. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, COO Rajiv Ramaswami sold 38,813 shares of the company's stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, June 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $170.58, for a total value of $6,620,721.54. Following the transaction, the chief operating officer now directly owns 181,243 shares in the company, valued at $30,916,430.94. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 265,383 shares of company stock worth $48,853,082 over the last ninety days. 28.80% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. VMW has been the subject of several recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered VMware from a \"hold\" rating to a \"sell\" rating and set a $178.00 price target for the company. in a research report on Wednesday, June 5th. Maxim Group reissued a \"hold\" rating on shares of VMware in a research report on Friday, May 31st. Morgan Stanley reduced their price target on VMware from $192.00 to $190.00 and set an \"equal weight\" rating for the company in a research report on Friday, May 31st. Raymond James boosted their price target on VMware from $196.00 to $206.00 and gave the stock an \"outperform\" rating in a research report on Friday, May 31st. Finally, KeyCorp reissued an \"overweight\" rating and issued a $214.00 price target (up from $206.00) on shares of VMware in a research report on Friday, May 31st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and fourteen have given a buy rating to the company's stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of \"Hold\" and a consensus price target of $192.23.\nShares of NYSE:VMW opened at $169.68 on Wednesday. VMware, Inc. has a 1 year low of $129.33 and a 1 year high of $206.80. The stock has a market cap of $68.87 billion, a P/E ratio of 34.42, a price to earnings growth ratio of 2.60 and a beta of 0.90. The company has a current ratio of 0.97, a quick ratio of 0.97 and a debt to equity ratio of 7.57.\nVMware (NYSE:VMW) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, May 30th. The virtualization software provider reported $1.32 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $0.90 by $0.42. VMware had a return on equity of 36.48% and a net margin of 21.50%. The company had revenue of $2.27 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.25 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $1.26 EPS. The firm's quarterly revenue was up 12.8% compared to the same quarter last year. Research analysts expect that VMware, Inc. will post 4.87 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first reported by Mayfield Recorder and is the sole property of of Mayfield Recorder. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at https://mayfieldrecorder.com/2019/06/19/marshall wace llp raises holdings in vmware inc nysevmw.html.\nAbout VMware\nVMware, Inc provides software in the areas of hybrid cloud, multi cloud, modern applications, networking and security, and digital workspaces in the United States and internationally. The company offers compute products, including VMware vSphere, a data center platform, which enables users to deploy hypervisor, a layer of software that resides between the operating system and system hardware to enable compute virtualization; and cloud management products for businesses with automated operation, programmable provisioning, and application monitoring solutions.\nRead More: Trade War Receive News & Ratings for VMware Daily Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for VMware and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.", "URL": "https://mayfieldrecorder.com/2019/06/19/marshall-wace-llp-raises-holdings-in-vmware-inc-nysevmw.html"}, {"Title": "VMware, Inc. (VMW) Shares Sold by Janney Montgomery Scott LLC", "Text": "Posted by ABMN Staff on May 15th, 2019 // No Comments\nJanney Montgomery Scott LLC lowered its holdings in VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) by 12.7% in the 1st quarter, according to the company in its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 9,134 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock after selling 1,334 shares during the quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC's holdings in VMware were worth $1,649,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.\nA number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the business. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY lifted its stake in shares of VMware by 1.4% in the 4th quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 5,467 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $750,000 after purchasing an additional 77 shares during the period. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC lifted its stake in shares of VMware by 20.8% in the 1st quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC now owns 493 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $88,000 after purchasing an additional 85 shares during the period. Utah Retirement Systems lifted its stake in shares of VMware by 0.8% in the 4th quarter. Utah Retirement Systems now owns 13,048 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $1,789,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares during the period. Prudential PLC lifted its stake in shares of VMware by 4.2% in the 4th quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 2,500 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $343,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares during the period. Finally, Nisa Investment Advisors LLC lifted its stake in shares of VMware by 0.3% in the 1st quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC now owns 30,320 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $5,473,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 17.79% of the company's stock. Get VMware alerts:\nA number of research analysts have recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded VMware from a \"hold\" rating to a \"buy\" rating and set a $228.00 target price for the company in a research note on Monday, May 6th. Deutsche Bank raised their target price on VMware from $215.00 to $230.00 and gave the company a \"buy\" rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 1st. Oppenheimer raised their target price on VMware from $200.00 to $220.00 and gave the company an \"outperform\" rating in a research note on Monday, April 29th. KeyCorp raised their target price on VMware from $192.00 to $206.00 and gave the company an \"overweight\" rating in a research note on Thursday, April 18th. Finally, Wedbush raised their target price on VMware from $190.00 to $210.00 and gave the company an \"outperform\" rating in a research note on Thursday, April 11th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and fifteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of \"Buy\" and an average target price of $186.52.\nIn other VMware news, insider P. Kevan Krysler sold 11,993 shares of VMware stock in a transaction on Thursday, April 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $184.04, for a total value of $2,207,191.72. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, VP Amy Fliegelman Olli sold 1,723 shares of VMware stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $178.98, for a total value of $308,382.54. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now directly owns 34,332 shares of the company's stock, valued at approximately $6,144,741.36. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 315,896 shares of company stock valued at $58,151,231. 29.90% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders.\nVMW stock opened at $197.93 on Wednesday. VMware, Inc. has a twelve month low of $129.33 and a twelve month high of $205.44. The company has a debt to equity ratio of 7.70, a current ratio of 0.99 and a quick ratio of 0.99. The company has a market cap of $81.14 billion, a P/E ratio of 40.15, a P/E/G ratio of 3.03 and a beta of 0.81.\nVMware (NYSE:VMW) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 28th. The virtualization software provider reported $1.60 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks' consensus estimate of $1.50 by $0.10. VMware had a return on equity of 25.50% and a net margin of 26.99%. The company had revenue of $2.59 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.50 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $1.68 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that VMware, Inc. will post 4.87 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.\nCOPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: \"VMware, Inc. (VMW) Shares Sold by Janney Montgomery Scott LLC\" was reported by American Banking News and is owned by of American Banking News. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be read at https://www.americanbankingnews.com/2019/05/15/vmware inc vmw shares sold by janney montgomery scott llc.html.\nVMware Company Profile\nVMware, Inc provides software in the areas of hybrid cloud, multi cloud, modern applications, networking and security, and digital workspaces in the United States and internationally. The company offers compute products, including VMware vSphere, a data center platform, which enables users to deploy hypervisor, a layer of software that resides between the operating system and system hardware to enable compute virtualization; and cloud management products for businesses with automated operation, programmable provisioning, and application monitoring solutions.\nFeatured Article: Are sell side analysts objective?\nWant to see what other hedge funds are holding VMW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW). VMware VMware", "URL": "https://www.americanbankingnews.com/2019/05/15/vmware-inc-vmw-shares-sold-by-janney-montgomery-scott-llc.html"}, {"Title": "Raymond James & Associates Boosts Holdings in VMware, Inc. (VMW)", "Text": "Raymond James & Associates raised its holdings in shares of VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) by 4.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 156,770 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock after purchasing an additional 6,793 shares during the period. Raymond James & Associates' holdings in VMware were worth $28,299,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.\nA number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the business. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY increased its position in VMware by 1.4% during the 4th quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 5,467 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $750,000 after purchasing an additional 77 shares during the period. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC increased its position in VMware by 20.8% during the 1st quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC now owns 493 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $88,000 after purchasing an additional 85 shares during the period. Parallel Advisors LLC increased its position in VMware by 26.2% during the 1st quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 458 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $83,000 after purchasing an additional 95 shares during the period. Utah Retirement Systems increased its position in VMware by 0.8% during the 4th quarter. Utah Retirement Systems now owns 13,048 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $1,789,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares during the period. Finally, Prudential PLC increased its position in VMware by 4.2% during the 4th quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 2,500 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $343,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares during the period. 17.74% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Get VMware alerts:\nA number of research firms have commented on VMW. Barclays raised their target price on shares of VMware from $200.00 to $224.00 and gave the company an \"overweight\" rating in a research report on Friday. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of VMware from a \"buy\" rating to a \"hold\" rating in a report on Thursday. Deutsche Bank raised their price target on shares of VMware from $215.00 to $230.00 and gave the company a \"buy\" rating in a report on Wednesday, May 1st. Oppenheimer raised their price target on shares of VMware from $200.00 to $220.00 and gave the company an \"outperform\" rating in a report on Monday, April 29th. Finally, Wedbush raised their price target on shares of VMware from $190.00 to $210.00 and gave the company an \"outperform\" rating in a report on Thursday, April 11th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the company's stock. VMware presently has an average rating of \"Buy\" and a consensus target price of $187.57.\nVMW stock opened at $203.64 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $83.58 billion, a P/E ratio of 41.31, a P/E/G ratio of 3.12 and a beta of 0.81. The company has a quick ratio of 0.99, a current ratio of 0.99 and a debt to equity ratio of 7.70. VMware, Inc. has a 52 week low of $129.33 and a 52 week high of $206.80.\nVMware (NYSE:VMW) last released its earnings results on Thursday, February 28th. The virtualization software provider reported $1.60 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts' consensus estimates of $1.50 by $0.10. The company had revenue of $2.59 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $2.50 billion. VMware had a net margin of 26.99% and a return on equity of 25.50%. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.68 EPS. As a group, equities research analysts forecast that VMware, Inc. will post 4.87 EPS for the current fiscal year.\nIn related news, CEO Patrick P. Gelsinger sold 20,000 shares of VMware stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $203.89, for a total value of $4,077,800.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 448,888 shares in the company, valued at approximately $91,523,774.32. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, COO Rajiv Ramaswami sold 14,862 shares of VMware stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $200.36, for a total transaction of $2,977,750.32. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 234,273 shares of the company's stock, valued at $46,938,938.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 315,896 shares of company stock valued at $58,151,231 over the last quarter. 29.90% of the stock is owned by company insiders. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was first published by American Banking News and is the sole property of of American Banking News. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.americanbankingnews.com/2019/05/19/raymond james associates boosts holdings in vmware inc vmw.html.\nVMware Company Profile\nVMware, Inc provides software in the areas of hybrid cloud, multi cloud, modern applications, networking and security, and digital workspaces in the United States and internationally. The company offers compute products, including VMware vSphere, a data center platform, which enables users to deploy hypervisor, a layer of software that resides between the operating system and system hardware to enable compute virtualization; and cloud management products for businesses with automated operation, programmable provisioning, and application monitoring solutions.\nSee Also: How to Invest in the Dividend Aristocrat Index\nWant to see what other hedge funds are holding VMW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW). Receive News & Ratings for VMware analysts' ratings for VMware and related companies daily email newsletter. \u00ab", "URL": "https://www.americanbankingnews.com/2019/05/19/raymond-james-associates-boosts-holdings-in-vmware-inc-vmw.html"}, {"Title": "State of Tennessee Treasury Department Grows Holdings in VMware, Inc. (VMW)", "Text": "Posted by ABMN Staff on Jun 6th, 2019 // No Comments\nState of Tennessee Treasury Department increased its holdings in VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) by 8.2% in the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 269,600 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock after purchasing an additional 20,324 shares during the period. State of Tennessee Treasury Department owned approximately 0.07% of VMware worth $48,666,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.\nSeveral other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY boosted its stake in shares of VMware by 1.4% in the 4th quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 5,467 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $750,000 after purchasing an additional 77 shares in the last quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of VMware by 20.8% in the 1st quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC now owns 493 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $88,000 after purchasing an additional 85 shares in the last quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of VMware by 26.2% in the 1st quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 458 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $83,000 after purchasing an additional 95 shares in the last quarter. Utah Retirement Systems boosted its stake in shares of VMware by 0.8% in the 4th quarter. Utah Retirement Systems now owns 13,048 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $1,789,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential PLC boosted its stake in shares of VMware by 4.2% in the 4th quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 2,500 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $343,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. 17.90% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Get VMware alerts:\nNYSE VMW traded down $1.81 during trading on Thursday, hitting $168.54. The company had a trading volume of 452,324 shares, compared to its average volume of 1,179,517. The company has a current ratio of 0.99, a quick ratio of 0.99 and a debt to equity ratio of 7.70. VMware, Inc. has a one year low of $129.33 and a one year high of $206.80. The firm has a market capitalization of $71.58 billion, a PE ratio of 34.19, a price to earnings growth ratio of 2.69 and a beta of 0.90.\nVMware (NYSE:VMW) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 30th. The virtualization software provider reported $1.32 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $0.90 by $0.42. VMware had a net margin of 21.50% and a return on equity of 28.06%. The business had revenue of $2.27 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.25 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.26 EPS. The company's revenue for the quarter was up 12.8% on a year over year basis. On average, sell side analysts predict that VMware, Inc. will post 4.87 earnings per share for the current year.\nIn other VMware news, COO Rangarajan (Raghu) Raghuram sold 36,311 shares of the company's stock in a transaction on Monday, March 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $170.24, for a total value of $6,181,584.64. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now directly owns 304,104 shares in the company, valued at approximately $51,770,664.96. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CEO Patrick P. Gelsinger sold 20,000 shares of the company's stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $203.89, for a total transaction of $4,077,800.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 448,888 shares of the company's stock, valued at $91,523,774.32. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 333,623 shares of company stock valued at $61,003,041 over the last 90 days. Company insiders own 28.80% of the company's stock.\nVMW has been the subject of a number of research reports. Citigroup upped their price objective on shares of VMware from $166.00 to $201.00 and gave the company a \"buy\" rating in a research note on Friday, March 1st. Deutsche Bank upped their price target on shares of VMware from $190.00 to $200.00 and gave the company a \"buy\" rating in a report on Friday, March 1st. Jefferies Financial Group reiterated a \"buy\" rating and set a $203.00 price target on shares of VMware in a report on Friday, March 1st. Bank of America upped their price target on shares of VMware from $190.00 to $200.00 and gave the company a \"buy\" rating in a report on Wednesday, February 27th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of VMware from a \"hold\" rating to a \"buy\" rating and set a $228.00 price target for the company in a report on Monday, May 6th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of \"Hold\" and a consensus target price of $192.23.\nTRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was published by American Banking News and is owned by of American Banking News. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://www.americanbankingnews.com/2019/06/06/state of tennessee treasury department grows holdings in vmware inc vmw.html.\nVMware Profile\nVMware, Inc provides software in the areas of hybrid cloud, multi cloud, modern applications, networking and security, and digital workspaces in the United States and internationally. The company offers compute products, including VMware vSphere, a data center platform, which enables users to deploy hypervisor, a layer of software that resides between the operating system and system hardware to enable compute virtualization; and cloud management products for businesses with automated operation, programmable provisioning, and application monitoring solutions.\nSee Also: How the Consumer Price Index (CPI) is calculated?\nWant to see what other hedge funds are holding VMW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW). Receive News & Ratings for VMware analysts' ratings for VMware and related companies daily email newsletter. \u00ab", "URL": "https://www.americanbankingnews.com/2019/06/06/state-of-tennessee-treasury-department-grows-holdings-in-vmware-inc-vmw.html"}, {"Title": "Tuttle Tactical Management Purchases New Stake in VMware, Inc. (VMW)", "Text": "Tuttle Tactical Management purchased a new position in shares of VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) during the first quarter, according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm purchased 8,251 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock, valued at approximately $1,489,000.\nOther hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY boosted its stake in shares of VMware by 1.4% during the 4th quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 5,467 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $750,000 after acquiring an additional 77 shares during the period. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC grew its position in shares of VMware by 20.8% in the 1st quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC now owns 493 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $88,000 after buying an additional 85 shares during the last quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC grew its position in shares of VMware by 26.2% in the 1st quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 458 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $83,000 after buying an additional 95 shares during the last quarter. Utah Retirement Systems boosted its position in shares of VMware by 0.8% during the 4th quarter. Utah Retirement Systems now owns 13,048 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $1,789,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential PLC boosted its position in shares of VMware by 4.2% during the 4th quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 2,500 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $343,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. 17.91% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Get VMware alerts:\nSeveral equities research analysts recently commented on VMW shares. KeyCorp upped their target price on VMware from $172.00 to $192.00 and gave the company an \"overweight\" rating in a research report on Friday, March 1st. Nomura set a $130.00 price objective on VMware and gave the stock a \"sell\" rating in a research note on Friday, March 1st. Deutsche Bank increased their price objective on VMware from $200.00 to $215.00 and gave the stock a \"buy\" rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 23rd. Mizuho initiated coverage on VMware in a research note on Wednesday, March 13th. They issued a \"neutral\" rating and a $160.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Raymond James increased their price objective on VMware from $163.00 to $196.00 and gave the stock an \"outperform\" rating in a research note on Friday, March 1st. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of \"Buy\" and an average target price of $190.78.\nShares of VMware stock traded up $0.69 during trading hours on Thursday, reaching $191.96. The company had a trading volume of 10,310 shares, compared to its average volume of 912,192. VMware, Inc. has a one year low of $129.33 and a one year high of $206.80. The company has a debt to equity ratio of 7.70, a current ratio of 0.99 and a quick ratio of 0.99. The firm has a market capitalization of $79.46 billion, a P/E ratio of 39.01, a PEG ratio of 2.97 and a beta of 0.81.\nVMware (NYSE:VMW) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 28th. The virtualization software provider reported $1.60 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks' consensus estimate of $1.50 by $0.10. VMware had a return on equity of 25.50% and a net margin of 26.99%. The company had revenue of $2.59 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.50 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.68 earnings per share. Sell side analysts expect that VMware, Inc. will post 4.87 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.\nIn other VMware news, VP Amy Fliegelman Olli sold 1,723 shares of the firm's stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $178.98, for a total transaction of $308,382.54. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 34,332 shares in the company, valued at $6,144,741.36. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CFO Zane Rowe sold 48,630 shares of the firm's stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $183.25, for a total value of $8,911,447.50. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 191,199 shares in the company, valued at approximately $35,037,216.75. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 315,896 shares of company stock worth $58,151,231 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 28.80% of the company's stock.\nWARNING: \"Tuttle Tactical Management Purchases New Stake in VMware, Inc. (VMW)\" was originally published by American Banking News and is the property of of American Banking News. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.americanbankingnews.com/2019/05/30/tuttle tactical management purchases new stake in vmware inc vmw.html.\nAbout VMware\nVMware, Inc provides software in the areas of hybrid cloud, multi cloud, modern applications, networking and security, and digital workspaces in the United States and internationally. The company offers compute products, including VMware vSphere, a data center platform, which enables users to deploy hypervisor, a layer of software that resides between the operating system and system hardware to enable compute virtualization; and cloud management products for businesses with automated operation, programmable provisioning, and application monitoring solutions. Receive News & Ratings for VMware analysts' ratings for VMware and related companies daily email newsletter. \u00ab", "URL": "https://www.americanbankingnews.com/2019/05/30/tuttle-tactical-management-purchases-new-stake-in-vmware-inc-vmw.html"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "AAA Western and Central New York, Inc.", "industry": "Media & Entertainment", "segment": "Enterprise", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Microsoft Corporation", "intensity": 4.0, "score": 67917, "relationshipStrength": "Strong", "news": [{"Title": "Microsoft tops expectations as cloud computing boosts earnings", "Text": "The computing giant reported first quarter earnings of US$1.38 per share, above analyst predictions of US$1.25, while revenues came in at US$33.06bn compared to estimates of US$32.2bn The group has been shifting its focus towards cloud computing and away from traditional PCs\nMicrosoft Corp ( NASDAQ:MSFT ) saw its share gain in the pre market on Thursday after first quarter earnings delivered overnight on Wednesday topped estimates thanks to a boost from its cloud computing services.\nThe computing giant reported earnings of US$1.38 per share, up 21% in the prior year and above analyst predictions of US$1.25, while revenues came in 14% higher at US$33.06bn compared to estimates of US$32.2bn. READ: Microsoft boosted by approval of new $40 billion stock buyback program, 11% dividend hike\nAzure, Microsoft's cloud computing service which is designed to build and manage apps through its data centres, grew 59% in the quarter, although this was slower than the 76% figure a year ago and also below previous company estimates of 64% growth for the period.\nMicrosoft has been shifting more towards cloud computing after its current chief executive, Satya Nadella, took the helm in 2014, with spending on the division rising 38% year on year to US$26.3bn in the second calendar quarter of this year.\nMeanwhile, the company's traditional core business, More Personal Computing, which covers its Windows operating system, its Surface tablets, search ads and gaming, came in at US$11.1bn, above expectations of US$10.9bn.\nLooking ahead, Microsoft said it expected double digit growth in both revenues and operating incomes for the full year.\n\"Overall, Microsoft continues to deliver impressive growth on multiple fronts, reinforcing our long term thesis that through its technological strength and scale, it remains well positioned to benefit from a number of pervasive secular trends \u2013 including the deployment of cloud and artificial intelligence\", said Tom Fitzgerald, manager of the Amity International Fund at EdenTree Investment Management.\nIn pre market trading in New York on Thursday, Microsoft's shares were 1.1% higher at US$138.7. Adds fund manager comment and updates share price Quick facts: Microsoft Corporation", "URL": "https://www.proactiveinvestors.com/companies/news/905546/microsoft-tops-expectations-as-cloud-computing-boosts-earnings-905546.html"}, {"Title": "Microsoft : backs women tech entrepreneurs with global expansion of IdeaGen and Women in Cloud | MarketScreener", "Text": "Since its formation two years ago, Women in Cloud , a community led initiative built to empower women led technology businesses to drive growth through cloud solutions and services, has become a leading community and resource for women innovators all over the world. A key initiative within the Women in Cloud community is the Microsoft Cloud Accelerator Program , an immersive 6 month program designed to help women led companies start and build their businesses through Microsoft and its cloud distribution channels.\nToday, as we kick off the second accelerator cohort of women entrepreneurs in the greater Seattle area, I'm proud to announce that Microsoft, in partnership with IdeaGen and Women in Cloud, will extend the reach of its Accelerators to eight additional countries, with programs planned for: Canada, France, Germany, India, Kenya, South Africa, the UAE and the UK. The program will also expand within the United States with a cohort in New York City launching September 2019 with another to launch in Chicago later in Fall 2019.\nThis scale will provide women owned technology companies all around the world with access to the cloud, mentorship, networking communities and resources to bring women led innovations to market. Through a multi million dollar, multi year investment from Microsoft, it is our goal that with this expansion and continued scaling, this program can help generate $1B in cloud opportunity by providing accessible cloud technology to more than 1,000 women led tech companies over the investment period, enabling them to scale their businesses for sustainable economic growth in all corners of the world.\nWe're excited to build on the program's previous success. To date, the Women in Cloud Accelerator has provided opportunities to 30 women owned companies (12 Seattle area participants in the first cohort), accelerating businesses such as Stylyze , Meylah , Genneve Health , and Automaton , while developing more than $30M of Cloud pipeline at its start.\nSince launching Microsoft for Startups , Microsoft's vision has been to deliver access to transformational technologies like cloud and AI and go to market and community benefits that help startups grow their customer and revenue base. As a part of that commitment, we support the acceleration of opportunities for diverse and underrepresented startups and entrepreneurs in a myriad of ways such as partnerships with groups like Backstage Capital, Black and Brown Founders , The Riveter , and WTIA's Founder Cohort Program , as well as launched programs like M12's Female Founders Competition.\nAs a woman and a leader at Microsoft, I'm proud of these initiatives, many of which have been established and are supported by women leaders within our organization. I am encouraged by our continued commitment to providing inspiration and mentorship for both women in tech and those just starting to develop interest in the industry. While there remains much to do, we at Microsoft believe that we will only be able to address our toughest technology challenges when we embrace diverse perspectives. To build this diversity, it's critical to have a varied partner ecosystem and one that actively supports women entrepreneurs.\nWe can't wait to see what innovation this partnership will foster members of women led companies are encouraged to apply here. We are currently accepting applications for our Chicago cohort, and will be opening applications for our global cohorts soon.\nTags: Microsoft Cloud , Microsoft Cloud Accelerator Program , Microsoft for Startups , women in technology\nAttachments\nOriginal document Permalink Disclaimer\nMicrosoft Corporation published this content on 05 June 2019 and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 05 June 2019 17:52:01 UTC", "URL": "https://www.marketscreener.com/MICROSOFT-CORPORATION-4835/news/Microsoft-backs-women-tech-entrepreneurs-with-global-expansion-of-IdeaGen-and-Women-in-Cloud-28711924/"}, {"Title": "4 Questions We Still Have About Google's New Gaming Platform - The Motley Fool", "Text": "Search: 4 Questions We Still Have About Google's New Gaming Platform The tech giant announced Stadia, a cloud gaming service, at the Game Developers Conference, but some key details have yet to be revealed. Stephen Lovely ( stephenlovely ) Apr 10, 2019 at 6:31AM\nAlphabet ( NASDAQ:GOOG ) ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) recently announced something big for video game fans: Stadia, a light on hardware cloud gaming streaming platform that the company promises will launch in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and \"most of Europe\" this year.\nHowever, the company did not say exactly when the new platform would debut, and it left out a few other key details, too. Here are a few questions we still have about Stadia. Image source: Getty Images How much will it cost?\nGoogle's big announcement left out a few key pieces of information, not the least of which was how much Stadia will actually cost.\nIn fact, while most observers believe the offering will be a subscription service in the mold of a \" Netflix for games,\" Google hasn't actually said that. The pricing structure could end up very different for instance, Google could charge on a per game basis.\nGiven prior reports and a landscape that includes subscription rivals like NVIDIA 's GeForce Now and Sony 's PlayStation Now, it seems likely that Google will offer a subscription rather than a la carte pricing. What games will be available?\nGoogle showed off Assassin's Creed: Odyssey in its Stadia showcase, so we know that Stadia is ready to play host to AAA games. But overall, Google's presentation was very light on confirmed titles: There were just three in total.\nWhen video games run on devices, they need to be coded to work on the relevant hardware. Games can be ported from PC to console or the other way around, or developed for multiple consoles at once, but there is labor involved in making the code work on different platforms. Google's Stadia will stream to users on various devices, but its home base will be Google's Linux servers. That means console games, and even Windows PC games, will need to be ported over.\nGetting a robust game selection will be key to luring players away from consoles and PCs, so look for Google to be very active in trying to woo developers to its platform. But it won't all be smooth sailing: Some of the biggest and best game studios and publishers are owned by ActiVision Blizzard , Sony, and Microsoft , all of which have or will soon have cloud gaming services of their own and all of which Google just turned into direct competitors. Can our internet infrastructure support Google's dreams?\nThe core concept behind Stadia is cloud gaming. While traditional video games have run on hardware that's right there with the gamer, cloud gaming services do the computational work on servers and stream the game to a user's device. To do that without frustrating input lag and choppy graphics, Google needs more than just powerful servers it needs a speedy connection between those servers and the end user's device.\nThat means that how well this service runs is not entirely within Google's control. Stadia will have to rely on varying internet connections and network speeds all over the country. And while Google detailed the hardware on its server side in its presentation at GDC, it did not say how fast the connection would have to be to run games smoothly.\nWe know that Project Stream, Stadia's predecessor, required a minimum download speed of 25 Mbps. That's well within reach for many urban and suburban dwellers, but there are still plenty of places in the United States where 25 Mbps looks very, very fast. As of 2017, there were still 2.1 million people in the country with dial up.\nThe good news for Google is that broadband penetration continues to grow, and the next iteration of wireless connection 5G seems likely to be fast enough to support mobile gaming. Again, though, much of this depends on how much bandwidth Stadia actually needs. Will it make any money?\nUltimately, Alphabet and its investors have one lingering question about Stadia: Will this thing make any money?\nCloud gaming will keep Google from having to invest lots of cash in physical manufacturing which is good, because only a few consoles have turned profits on hardware. And there certainly have been streaming success stories in other areas, such as video streaming.\nBut other streaming ventures, like Google's own forays into music and live TV, have been less than profitable. In streaming music and streaming live TV, competition is steep and profits seem to be a long way off. Meanwhile, Google is going to see plenty of competition in the cloud gaming space including from companies that own game studios and are better positioned to use a Netflix like original content strategy.\nOf course, Google has deep pockets and can afford to be in this for the long haul. That's good, because they'll have to be if they're going to outlast the competition. In the meantime, maybe the company will find the time to answer some of these questions. Author", "URL": "https://www.fool.com/investing/2019/04/10/4-questions-we-still-have-about-googles-new-gaming.aspx"}, {"Title": "4 Questions We Still Have About Google&apos;s New Gaming Platform", "Text": "4 Questions We Still Have About Google's New Gaming Platform Stephen Lovely, The Motley Fool Reblog Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) recently announced something big for video game fans: Stadia, a light on hardware cloud gaming streaming platform that the company promises will launch in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and \"most of Europe\" this year. But the company did not say exactly when the new platform would debut, and they left out a few other key details, too. Here are a few questions that we still have about Stadia. A man plays video games More Image source: Getty Images How much will it cost? Google's big announcement left out a few key pieces of information, not the least of which was how much Stadia will actually cost. In fact, while most observers believe the offering will be a subscription service in the mold of a \" Netflix for games,\" Google hasn't actually said that. The pricing structure could end up very different for instance, Google could charge on a per game basis. Given prior reports and a landscape that includes subscription rivals like NVIDIA 's GeForce Now and Sony 's PlayStation Now, it seems likely that Google will offer a subscription rather than a la carte pricing. What games will be available? Google showed off Assassin's Creed: Odyssey in its Stadia showcase, so we know that Stadia is ready to play host to AAA games. But overall, Google's presentation was very light on confirmed titles: There were just three in total. When video games run on devices, they need to be coded to work on the relevant hardware. Games can be ported from PC to console or the other way around, or developed for multiple consoles at once, but there is labor involved in making the code work on different platforms. Google's Stadia will stream to users on various devices, but its home base will be Google's Linux servers. That means console games, and even Windows PC games, will need to be ported over. Getting a robust game selection will be key to luring players away from consoles and PCs, so look for Google to be very active in trying to woo developers to its platform. But it won't all be smooth sailing: Some of the biggest and best game studios and publishers are owned by ActiVision Blizzard , Sony, and Microsoft , all of which have or will soon have cloud gaming services of their own and all of which Google just turned into direct competitors. Can our internet infrastructure support Google's dreams? The core concept behind Stadia is cloud gaming. While traditional video games have run on hardware that's right there with the gamer, cloud gaming services do the computational work on servers and stream the game to a user's device. To do that without frustrating input lag and choppy graphics, Google needs more than just powerful servers it needs a speedy connection between those servers and the end user's device. That means that how well this service runs is not entirely within Google's control. Stadia will have to rely on varying internet connections and network speeds all over the country. And while Google detailed the hardware on its server side in its presentation at GDC, it did not say how fast the connection would have to be to run games smoothly. We know that Project Stream, Stadia's predecessor, required a minimum download speed of 25 Mbps. That's well within reach for many urban and suburban dwellers, but there are still plenty of places in the United States where 25 Mbps looks very, very fast. As of 2017, there were still 2.1 million people in the country with dial up. The good news for Google is that broadband penetration continues to grow, and the next iteration of wireless connection 5G seems likely to be fast enough to support mobile gaming. Again, though, much of this depends on how much bandwidth Stadia actually needs. Will it make any money? Ultimately, Alphabet and its investors have one lingering question about Stadia: Will this thing make any money? Cloud gaming will keep Google from having to invest lots of cash in physical manufacturing which is good, because only a few consoles have turned profits on hardware. And there certainly have been streaming success stories in other areas, such as video streaming. But other streaming ventures, like Google's own forays into music and live TV, have been less than profitable. In streaming music and streaming live TV, competition is steep and profits seem to be a long way off. Meanwhile, Google is going to see plenty of competition in the cloud gaming space including from companies that own game studios and are better positioned to use a Netflix like original content strategy. Of course, Google has deep pockets and can afford to be in this for the long haul. That's good, because they'll have to be if they're going to outlast the competition. In the meantime, maybe the company will find the time to answer some of these questions. More From The Motley Fool", "URL": "https://finance.yahoo.com/news/4-questions-still-google-apos-103100855.html"}, {"Title": "SAP Makes Its Next Move In The Platform Game | Communications Today", "Text": "SAP Makes Its Next Move In The Platform Game September 26, 2019\nPosted by SAP SAP SE announced more powerful platform capabilities and embedded intelligence in applications, setting customers on the fastest path to turn data into business value.\nThe announcement was made at the SAP TechEd conference being held September 24\u201326 in Las Vegas and the Strata Data Conference being held September 23\u201326 in New York City.\n\"There is growing demand from our customers and partners to easily extend and integrate their solutions as well as build completely new apps,\" said Juergen Mueller, chief technology officer and member of the Executive Board of SAP SE. \"They also want to bring their infrastructure as a service of choice. With the business technology platform, we will give customers the highest level of openness and flexibility to do this \u2014 also in terms of deployment models.\"\nMueller added: \"By addressing the key technology markets of database and data management, analytics, application development and integration, and intelligence, SAP will deliver one of the best technological foundations customers have ever experienced.\"\nUnique Platform and First Solutions Now Available to Turn Data into Business Value\nCustomers are free to focus on business needs rather than technical building blocks when they have a complete business technology platform. By connecting business processes and experiences, customers can make confident decisions with integrity and continue to drive innovation in the cloud, on premise, at the edge and in hybrid deployment models. By offering an open platform, SAP continues to grow its ecosystem and embrace partner solutions to offer complementary value to our customers.\nSAP Cloud Platform is a key pillar of the business technology platform. It is SAP's integration and extension platform that helps bridge the gap between piloting intelligent technologies such as machine learning (ML) and the IoT and embedding them into core business processes. SAP Data Intelligence is the first enterprise cloud service with an end to end lifecycle for data management and machine learning. Technologies such as machine learning and data orchestration deliver a wealth of meaningful business insights \u2014 from understanding customer churn andconsumer behavior to manufacturing Harnessing this information is often challenging when it is spread across an array of disparate tools. Using SAP Data Intelligence, customers can transform data from different sources into critical insight to drive better business outcomes. It also allows them to adapt the latest trends and technology by combining the SAP Data Hub solution and SAP Leonardo Machine Learning Foundation into one integrated cloud offering, making use of established open source frameworks such as TensorFlow. Announced as a beta offering in May at the SAPPHIRE NOW conference, SAP Data Intelligence is now generally available. Get more information here.\n\"With SAP Data Intelligence, we see huge potential to speed up development and operations of machine learning projects and manage the orchestration of complex data across our landscape,\" said Robert Kriehs, senior solution architect, Daimler AG. \"We can ensure our AI/ML projects can make it into production, the data can be managed and our models can be easily retrained, and we can apply lifecycle management to the data and the models.\" The SAP Intelligent Business Processes Management (SAP Intelligent BPM) bundle of services helps customers transform paper based processes into digital workflows. Customers can now use SAP Cloud Platform Workflow, SAP Cloud Platform Business Rules and SAP Cloud Platform Process Visibility services together to create process extensions on top of business applications, orchestrate tasks or build process centric differentiating applications. With this new transparency on workflows, customers can extend their end to end process visibility toward observed business processes across SAP and non SAP applications. SAP Intelligent BPM is integrated with the SAP Conversational AI service to guide customers through workflows, giving them automatic recommendations for actions. Get more information here. Built on SAP Cloud Platform, business services that use machine learning and the IoT to address specific business challenges are now available. These include the Document Information Extraction service , which applies machine learning to digitalize unstructured business documents by extracting information and matching it with relevant business data. Enhanced capabilities in IoT edge and cloud hybrid scenarios give customers the ability to \"define once, run anywhere\" so they are not dependent on network latency, bandwidth or connectivity. This hybrid approach offers flexibility and scalability for customers to easily define their IoT processing artifacts once and then choose to deploy in the cloud and/or at the edge to process data.\nMore than 1,400 partners are building on SAP Cloud Platform, with more than 750 SAP Cloud Platform\u2013based apps available on SAP App Center.\nThe latest release of the SAP Analytics Cloud solution offers enhancements to augmented analytics and analytics designer capabilities to help customers make faster, more confident decisions. Updates include: Augmented analytics \u2014 Updates to the search to insight extension give users a newly designed conversational analytics experience to better understand and use semantics across all business data. Users can now chat live with their data in SAP HANA applications and reveal key factors influencing positives or negatives in a table of metrics with \"smart insights\" algorithms enabled to mine data points. Analytics designer \u2014 With the new data analyzer, users can now gain insights faster by using a ready to run service for queries in the SAP Business Warehouse application, allowing users to easily navigate and analyze information. Users can also build applications faster by creating and reusing customized widgets in a theme. Get more information here.\nSAP Continues to Push Blockchain Boundaries by Joining Forces with Microsoft\nSAP and Microsoft Corporation announce interoperability of blockchain services in the cloud with a new collaboration. Building on their long standing partnership, the companies aim to empower customers to run their blockchain based applications on SAP Cloud Platform directly connected to Azure Blockchain Service. With this interoperability customers can use the infrastructure and platform services of their choice embedded in SAP software systems in an easily consumable way. The cooperation aims to enable joint customers to bring the trust and transparency of blockchain to important business processes such as material traceability, fraud prevention and collaboration in life sciences. For more information on the partnership, read Microsoft's blog and the SAP TechEd News Guide.\nEmbedded Intelligence and Improved Usability for SAP S/4HANA\nThe SAP Best Practices for SAP Intelligent Robotic Process Automation integration with SAP S/4HANA package is now available to guide and accelerate customers' implementations with predefined automation skills, covering key business processes such as managing sales orders and purchase order confirmations. The package offers predefined robotic automation skills such as finance, sales distribution and procurement, as well as capabilities for industries such as professional services and manufacturing. Customers can use the package to help reduce labor related costs and improve response time to market changes and other business requirements. Get more information here.\nThe latest release of SAP S/4HANA Cloud includes intelligent approval workflow in procurement for purchase requisitions. The service uses machine learning to classify important and unimportant purchase requisition approvals by weighting them with a confidence factor arrived at by analyzing the approval pattern history based on price, source of supply, material group, approvers and attachments. It also guides users to approval items that require immediate attention, which frees up time to focus on critical work items. Get more information here.\nQuartz light, the new theme in the SAP Fiori 3 user experience, is used by the latest release of SAP S/4HANA Cloud and all other SAP applications. Designed and developed by all SAP product teams, SAP Fiori 3 offers a more consistent and integrated experience across the entire SAP portfolio. This helps decrease training time, increases application effectiveness and provides consistency of use across devices from anywhere. Embedded artificial intelligence in SAP Fiori 3 provides intelligent home pages that show everything a user needs to focus on, and supports proactive business situation handling, which offers explanations, insights and proposed actions. CT Bureau Share this:", "URL": "https://www.communicationstoday.co.in/sap-makes-its-next-move-in-the-platform-game/"}, {"Title": "SAP Makes Its Next Move in the Platform Game", "Text": "erpnews.com \u00bb News \u00bb SAP Makes Its Next Move in the Platform Game SAP Makes Its Next Move in the Platform Game Posted by Katie Slimov on September 25, 2019 Share on Twitter\nSAP today announced more powerful platform capabilities and embedded intelligence in applications, setting customers on the fastest path to turn data into business value.\nThe announcement was made at the SAP TechEd conference being held September 24\u201326 in Las Vegas and the Strata Data Conference being held September 23\u201326 in New York City.\n\"There is growing demand from our customers and partners to easily extend and integrate their solutions as well as build completely new apps,\" said Juergen Mueller, chief technology officer and member of the Executive Board of SAP SE. \"They also want to bring their infrastructure as a service of choice. With the business technology platform, we will give customers the highest level of openness and flexibility to do this \u2014 also in terms of deployment models.\"\nMueller added: \"By addressing the key technology markets of database and data management, analytics, application development and integration, and intelligence, SAP will deliver one of the best technological foundations customers have ever experienced.\" Unique Platform and First Solutions Now Available to Turn Data into Business Value\nCustomers are free to focus on business needs rather than technical building blocks when they have a complete business technology platform. By connecting business processes and experiences, customers can make confident decisions with integrity and continue to drive innovation in the cloud, on premise, at the edge and in hybrid deployment models. By offering an open platform, SAP continues to grow its ecosystem and embrace partner solutions to offer complementary value to our customers.\nSAP Cloud Platform is a key pillar of the business technology platform. It is SAP's integration and extension platform that helps bridge the gap between piloting intelligent technologies such as machine learning (ML) and the IoT and embedding them into core business processes. SAP Data Intelligence is the first enterprise cloud service with an end to end lifecycle for data management and machine learning. Technologies such as machine learning and data orchestration deliver a wealth of meaningful business insights \u2014 from understanding customer churn andconsumer behavior to manufacturing Harnessing this information is often challenging when it is spread across an array of disparate tools. Using SAP Data Intelligence, customers can transform data from different sources into critical insight to drive better business outcomes. It also allows them to adapt the latest trends and technology by combining the SAP Data Hub solution and SAP Leonardo Machine Learning Foundation into one integrated cloud offering, making use of established open source frameworks such as TensorFlow. Announced as a beta offering in May at the SAPPHIRE NOW conference, SAP Data Intelligence is now generally available. Get more information here.\n\"With SAP Data Intelligence, we see huge potential to speed up development and operations of machine learning projects and manage the orchestration of complex data across our landscape,\" said Robert Kriehs, senior solution architect, Daimler AG. \"We can ensure our AI/ML projects can make it into production, the data can be managed and our models can be easily retrained, and we can apply lifecycle management to the data and the models.\" The SAP Intelligent Business Processes Management (SAP Intelligent BPM) bundle of services helps customers transform paper based processes into digital workflows. Customers can now use SAP Cloud Platform Workflow, SAP Cloud Platform Business Rules and SAP Cloud Platform Process Visibility services together to create process extensions on top of business applications, orchestrate tasks or build process centric differentiating applications. With this new transparency on workflows, customers can extend their end to end process visibility toward observed business processes across SAP and non SAP applications. SAP Intelligent BPM is integrated with the SAP Conversational AI service to guide customers through workflows, giving them automatic recommendations for actions. Get more information here. Built on SAP Cloud Platform, business services that use machine learning and the IoT to address specific business challenges are now available. These include the Document Information Extraction service , which applies machine learning to digitalize unstructured business documents by extracting information and matching it with relevant business data. Enhanced capabilities in IoT edge and cloud hybrid scenarios give customers the ability to \"define once, run anywhere\" so they are not dependent on network latency, bandwidth or connectivity. This hybrid approach offers flexibility and scalability for customers to easily define their IoT processing artifacts once and then choose to deploy in the cloud and/or at the edge to process data.\nMore than 1,400 partners are building on SAP Cloud Platform, with more than 750 SAP Cloud Platform\u2013based apps available on SAP App Center.\nThe latest release of the SAP Analytics Cloud solution offers enhancements to augmented analytics and analytics designer capabilities to help customers make faster, more confident decisions. Updates include: Augmented analytics \u2014 Updates to the search to insight extension give users a newly designed conversational analytics experience to better understand and use semantics across all business data. Users can now chat live with their data in SAP HANA applications and reveal key factors influencing positives or negatives in a table of metrics with \"smart insights\" algorithms enabled to mine data points. Analytics designer \u2014 With the new data analyzer, users can now gain insights faster by using a ready to run service for queries in the SAP Business Warehouse application, allowing users to easily navigate and analyze information. Users can also build applications faster by creating and reusing customized widgets in a theme. Get more information here. SAP Continues to Push Blockchain Boundaries by Joining Forces with Microsoft\nSAP and Microsoft Corporation announce interoperability of blockchain services in the cloud with a new collaboration. Building on their long standing partnership, the companies aim to empower customers to run their blockchain based applications on SAP Cloud Platform directly connected to Azure Blockchain Service. With this interoperability customers can use the infrastructure and platform services of their choice embedded in SAP software systems in an easily consumable way. The cooperation aims to enable joint customers to bring the trust and transparency of blockchain to important business processes such as material traceability, fraud prevention and collaboration in life sciences. For more information on the partnership, read Microsoft's blog and the SAP TechEd News Guide. Embedded Intelligence and Improved Usability for SAP S/4HANA\nThe SAP Best Practices for SAP Intelligent Robotic Process Automation integration with SAP S/4HANA package is now available to guide and accelerate customers' implementations with predefined automation skills, covering key business processes such as managing sales orders and purchase order confirmations. The package offers predefined robotic automation skills such as finance, sales distribution and procurement, as well as capabilities for industries such as professional services and manufacturing. Customers can use the package to help reduce labor related costs and improve response time to market changes and other business requirements. Get more information here.\nThe latest release of SAP S/4HANA Cloud includes intelligent approval workflow in procurement for purchase requisitions. The service uses machine learning to classify important and unimportant purchase requisition approvals by weighting them with a confidence factor arrived at by analyzing the approval pattern history based on price, source of supply, material group, approvers and attachments. It also guides users to approval items that require immediate attention, which frees up time to focus on critical work items. Get more information here.\nQuartz light, the new theme in the SAP Fiori 3 user experience , is used by the latest release of SAP S/4HANA Cloud and all other SAP applications. Designed and developed by all SAP product teams, SAP Fiori 3 offers a more consistent and integrated experience across the entire SAP portfolio. This helps decrease training time, increases application effectiveness and provides consistency of use across devices from anywhere. Embedded artificial intelligence in SAP Fiori 3 provides intelligent home pages that show everything a user needs to focus on, and supports proactive business situation handling, which offers explanations, insights and proposed actions. Get more information here.", "URL": "https://erpnews.com/sap-makes-its-next-move-in-the-platform-game/"}, {"Title": "4 Questions We Still Have About Google's New Gaming Platform", "Text": "Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) recently announced something big for video game fans: Stadia, a light on hardware cloud gaming streaming platform that the company promises will launch in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and \"most of Europe\" this year.\nBut the company did not say exactly when the new platform would debut, and they left out a few other key details, too. Here are a few questions that we still have about Stadia.\nA man plays video games More Image source: Getty Images\nHow much will it cost? Google's big announcement left out a few key pieces of information, not the least of which was how much Stadia will actually cost.\nIn fact, while most observers believe the offering will be a subscription service in the mold of a \" Netflix for games,\" Google hasn't actually said that. The pricing structure could end up very different for instance, Google could charge on a per game basis.\nGiven prior reports and a landscape that includes subscription rivals like NVIDIA 's GeForce Now and Sony 's PlayStation Now, it seems likely that Google will offer a subscription rather than a la carte pricing.\nWhat games will be available? Google showed off Assassin's Creed: Odyssey in its Stadia showcase, so we know that Stadia is ready to play host to AAA games. But overall, Google's presentation was very light on confirmed titles: There were just three in total.\nWhen video games run on devices, they need to be coded to work on the relevant hardware. Games can be ported from PC to console or the other way around, or developed for multiple consoles at once, but there is labor involved in making the code work on different platforms. Google's Stadia will stream to users on various devices, but its home base will be Google's Linux servers. That means console games, and even Windows PC games, will need to be ported over.\nGetting a robust game selection will be key to luring players away from consoles and PCs, so look for Google to be very active in trying to woo developers to its platform. But it won't all be smooth sailing: Some of the biggest and best game studios and publishers are owned by ActiVision Blizzard , Sony, and Microsoft , all of which have or will soon have cloud gaming services of their own and all of which Google just turned into direct competitors.\nCan our internet infrastructure support Google's dreams? The core concept behind Stadia is cloud gaming. While traditional video games have run on hardware that's right there with the gamer, cloud gaming services do the computational work on servers and stream the game to a user's device. To do that without frustrating input lag and choppy graphics, Google needs more than just powerful servers it needs a speedy connection between those servers and the end user's device.\nThat means that how well this service runs is not entirely within Google's control. Stadia will have to rely on varying internet connections and network speeds all over the country. And while Google detailed the hardware on its server side in its presentation at GDC, it did not say how fast the connection would have to be to run games smoothly.\nWe know that Project Stream, Stadia's predecessor, required a minimum download speed of 25 Mbps. That's well within reach for many urban and suburban dwellers, but there are still plenty of places in the United States where 25 Mbps looks very, very fast. As of 2017, there were still 2.1 million people in the country with dial up.", "URL": "https://sg.finance.yahoo.com/news/4-questions-still-google-apos-103100855.html"}, {"Title": "Microsoft Business Applications for Healthcare: Empowering teams for exceptional patient experiences", "Text": "This week at the HiMSS 2019 conference , the healthcare IT community will explore solutions to the most urgent challenges facing modern health. Microsoft will share new innovations to help health organizations navigate the complex technology transformations needed to deliver modern patient experiences that promote successful treatments and well being.\nThe Microsoft Healthcare team will showcase intelligent healthcare solutions that connect health data and systems securely in the cloud, improve communication with teams and patients, and advance precision healthcare. These featured solutions powered by Microsoft 365, Azure, and the new Microsoft Healthcare Bot service interoperate with Microsoft Business Applications to enable personalized care, empower care teams, and advance precision healthcare.\nToday, people want the same level of access and engagement with healthcare providers as they get from other digital brand experiences. Case in point: a recent survey by Transcend Insights found that 93 percent of patients expect care providers to provide access to information about their medical history, and 71 percent want to digitally provide status updates to better inform diagnoses and decisions.\nDynamics 365 unifies operations and patient engagement, breaking down silos created by the patchwork of business systems and databases within the organization. As patients interact with web portals and clinicians, providers can access a 360 degree view of the patient for more personalized service. And by using solutions like the Microsoft Dynamics 365 Health Accelerator , healthcare providers can more easily create new use cases and workflows using the Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources (FHIR) based data model.\nImproving patient engagement with virtual clinics\nAs the healthcare industry shifts to value based care, many providers focus on face to face patient expeirences at the clinic or hospital. Now imagine the challenge of improving care for patients scattered across remote, difficult to reach villages.\nHelsinki and Uusimaa Hospital (HUS) are solving the issue by using Microsoft cloud solutions to create a virtual hospital that provides remote, virtual health services throughout Finland, including sparsely populated regions.\nHUS moved to the cloud with Microsoft Azure and Microsoft 365 to create digital hubs for its medical specialties, and then added Dynamics 365 for Customer Service. Now providers have tools to access a 360 degree view of patients across departments and care givers to improve treatment. Patients can access self service portals for medical information and self help therapies, plus receive virtual one on one treatments from specialists. It's a win win for everyone. Patients are empowered to feel more in control of their health which boosts confidence and support, and providers can provide personalized care to more patients.\nHUS is also conducting pilot programs with artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms to direct patients to the right place right away and improve digital healthcare services. Providers will be able to gain insights from complex data to develop precision medicine and treatments for different patients and groups.\nLearn more about the HUS Virtual Hospital in this c ustomer story , as well as in the short video below.\nEmpowering care teams for exceptional at home services\nAnother way Dynamics 365 is improving patient care is by enabling care teams to remotely monitor patients, share knowledge across health teams, and coordinate the right level of care.\nIn Australia, more older citizens are choosing to live at home, rather than a nursing facility. For residential wellness provider ECH, this means making life simple for 15,000 clients while providing support for the domestic healthcare workers. ECH deployed Dynamics 365 to streamline the onboarding of new clients, helping to match them with the right specialists. They also adopted Dynamics 365 for Talent to attract and onboard skilled care providers and set them up for success which is critical in a field with high stress and turnover. They're helping to reduce burnout and attrition by using Dynamics 365 to promote continuous learning, track employee accomplishments, and help workers get certified and trained.\nImproving operational outcomes with no code apps\nA key to exceptional patient experiences is empowering staff to streamline care processes, reduce redundancy, and gain insights to make decisions faster.\nNew York's largest healthcare provider, Northwell Health, is streamlining patient care processes using Dynamics 365 for Customer Service and the Microsoft Power Platform to give employees tools to optimize patient care, reduce costs, and ensure regulatory compliance.\nUsing PowerApps, a Northwell Health doctor with no technical expertise created an app that gives physicians, nurses, and administrators visibility into tasks that need to be completed like patient requests to ensure a patient gets a needed X ray. The app takes data entered into Dynamics 365, stored in the PowerApps Common Data Service , and augments it with attributes from the Microsoft Dynamics 365 Healthcare Accelerator , which makes it easier to create new use cases and workflows using a FHIR based data model.\nBy connecting the app to the Microsoft Bot Framework, clinicians and administrators can leverage predictive insights and automated workflows to quickly get fast answers about patients. Plus, all data is on the trusted Azure cloud that helps ensure the compliance, confidentiality, integrity, and accessibility of sensitive data.\nGet the full story at HiMSS\nThese three stories are just a peek at how Microsoft Business Applications are helping transform patient experiences. If you are attending HiMSS, be sure to visit our booth (#2500) and attend sessions to learn more from our healthcare technology experts. Find more information about our location and sessions in this schedule , and be sure to check out the resources below:\nAttachments\nOriginal document Permalink Disclaimer\nMicrosoft Corporation published this content on 11 February 2019 and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 11 February 2019 16:49:11 UTC", "URL": "http://www.4-traders.com/MICROSOFT-CORPORATION-4835/news/Microsoft-Business-Applications-for-Healthcare-Empowering-teams-for-exceptional-patient-experiences-27994577/"}, {"Title": "+32% CAGR for Edge Computing Market : Outlook and in-Depth Analysis 2018-2023 by Top Players: Cisco Systems, Microsoft, IBM, Google, Amazon, SAP", "Text": "RSS +32% CAGR for Edge Computing Market : Outlook and in Depth Analysis 2018 2023 by Top Players: Cisco Systems, Microsoft, IBM, Google, Amazon, SAP This Edge Computing Market report covers the size, share, trends, forecast, status of import and export, supply chain management, distribution channels, production volume, production capacity, product price, profit, sale and others elements.\nNew York, NY ( SBWIRE ) 06/04/2019 A recent market study on the Edge Computing market applies both primary and secondary research techniques to identify new opportunities for development for the Edge Computing market for the forecast period, 2018 2023. The research further screens and analyses data on the market share, growth rate and size to enable stakeholders, product owners and field marketing executives identify the low hanging fruits and reap a significant return on their investment. Importantly, the data on the current business environment of the Edge Computing market proves a boon for companies trying to identify next leg for growth. The global edge computing market is forecasted to reach USD 8.96Bn by 2023, expanding at CAGR of 32.6%. Edge computing brings data processing nearer to IoT sensors, to decrease latency and improve efficiency. The internet of things are driven by huge volumes of data generated from activities in our day to day lives. Collecting, sending, and processing the massive quantities of data requires companies to act intelligently, quickly, and make better business decisions. Edge computing is a network of data centers that store and process data locally before sending them or cloud. It optimizes computing to avoid disruptions in sending and receiving data. This report focuses on the global top players which are:: Cisco Systems, Inc, Microsoft Corporation, IBM, Google, Amazon, SAP, Oracle, Huawei Technologies Co.Ltd, and Intel.. Request for sample report @ https://www.marketexpertz.com/sample enquiry form/43432 The global edge computing market is further classified into applications and end users. Based on applications, it is further sub classified into smart cities, smart factories, connected healthcare, connected vehicles, smart grids, and other. Other applications include edge computing in gaming and e commerce. Smart cities holds the most significant market share. The rising trend of urbanization is expected to initiate smart city projects to resolve various urban problems using ICT as a base. This will result in the increased application of edge computing in this domain. Based on end users industries: edge computing networks will be used in the manufacturing sector, energy and utility sector, IT and telecommunication, healthcare and life sciences, and consumer appliances. The IT and telecommunication sector is expected to grab the most significant market share and expand at the highest CAGR. Edge computing is expected to play an active role in LTE networks and assets , as well as the 5G revolution. Key growth factors: The rising number of devices that are connected to artificial intelligence require a lot of real time analysis. Relying on traditional cloud computing is difficult. That is why it is predicted that edge computing would be the next big trend after cloud. To avoid network congestions, service providers are deploying a system on the internet that caches the information close to the users by duplicating the content on multiple servers. This is an example of edge computing. Threats: The crucial challenges faced in deploying edge computing are complications in discovering the edge nodes, and uncompromising quality of services and quality of experiences Purchase complete report @ https://www.marketexpertz.com/checkout form/43432 How geography and sales fit together The study works as a boon for all business owners trying to identify the exact size of the target audience in a specific geographic location. Edge Computing enables entrepreneurs to determine the regional market for their business expansion. The study answers the questions below: Where do the requirements come from? Where do non potential customers reside? What is the buying behaviour of the customers dwelling in a particular area? What is the spending power of the customers in a specific region? Geographically, this report studies the key regions, focuses on product sales, value, market share and growth opportunity in these regions, covering: United States", "URL": "http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/32-cagr-for-edge-computing-market-outlook-and-in-depth-analysis-2018-2023-by-top-players-cisco-systems-microsoft-ibm-google-amazon-sap-1229208.htm"}, {"Title": "Industry Voices\u2014Raynovich: VMware\u2019s cloud within a cloud | FierceTelecom", "Text": "by Scott Raynovich | Sep 4, 2019 1:04pm VMware put together all of its cloud and Kubernetes pieces at last week's VMworld conference in San Francisco. (FierceTelecom)\nAfter being swallowed up in last week's VMworld universe of 20,000 cloudy people for a total of four days, it's good to take a few days to digest what's happened, and try to put together a strategic picture of VMware's mega moves in the cloud.\nIn short, VMware has a cogent and potent plan to own the cloud. All of it. VMware is building the cloud within the cloud. A self contained cloud universe that can travel wherever you want to take your applications.\nBy piecing together its substantial footprint in virtual machine (VM) technology, management platforms such as vRealize, VMotion, and Kubernetes management acquisitions such as Heptio and Bitnami, VMware has put all the pieces together to own an entire multi cloud franchise capable of managing and moving compute workloads to wherever people need them, whether it's on premises private cloud, public cloud, or various hybrid cloud and multi cloud configurations. FREE DAILY NEWSLETTER Like this story? Subscribe to FierceTelecom! The Telecom industry is an ever changing world where big ideas come along daily. Our subscribers rely on FierceTelecom as their must read source for the latest news, analysis and data on the intersection of telecom and media. Sign up today to get telecom news and updates delivered to your inbox and read on the go. SUBSCRIBE NOW\nMany of the cloud technologists I spoke with were impressed. VMware's strategy is getting rave reviews.\n\"What VMware has done is a brilliant thing,\" said Simon Crosby, former chief technology officer of Citrix' cloud division, the Co founder and former CTO of cybersecurity company Bromium, and now CTO of SWIM.AI. \"It allows virtual machines to be cool and hip and up with the latest tech. What they'll do is make it possible for workloads in VMs to move to a Kubernetes cloud. The IT folk who have only ever used vCenter can continue to do what they are doing. Pivotal can play on top.\" Voracious cloud appetite\nMuch of VMware's new strategy is built around Kubernetes, the open source container management technology developed by Google that has exploded in recent years to become one of the most popular ways to build distributed workloads that can operate across clouds, leveraging computing power wherever it may reside.\nKubernetes and containers, which virtualize server operator systems, were once thought to be a threat to VMware, which owns a huge franchises in managing VMs. That's because Kubernetes can be used to deliver apps that consume less computing overhead than VM based apps. It's not always cut and dry, however, as VMs and containers both have strengths and weaknesses that lend themselves better to specific apps.\nBut, now VMware has bulked up on container and Kubernetes software. It has spent billions acquiring companies that add to its Kubernetes technology, including Heptio (2018), Bitnami (2019), and Pivotal (last month.) VMware has unfurled its plan to be a key provider of container based applications development and management tools. VMware calls this strategy \"Tanzu.\" As part of this plan, it announced Project Pacific, which is the integration of Kubernetes container management technology into VMware's vSphere.\nOne vision really stuck out last week. VMware executives in a keynote demonstrated how they could use VMware's vMotion software to move a live workload from a private cloud running on VMs to a public cloud instance using Kubernetes, while the applications was still in production. This demo best encompassed how VMware wants to use its cloud within a cloud approach to keep customers captive on its software platform, so they can use it to manage their applications wherever they go. It doesn't matter whether its VMs or containers, private cloud or public cloud, VMware wants to own the management of the applications and workloads.\nAnd, then there's Pivotal. Originally spun off from VMware, Pivotal is an application development and management platform that VMware recently bought back from the public market. It really makes sense that Pivotal comes back into VMware because building a development platform is something that public investors clearly don't have the patience for (Pivotal was trading only marginally higher from its IPO in 2012) \u2013 and now VMware can plug in Pivotal as the applications development environment for its VM and Kubernetes cloud within the cloud.\nOf course, that's not all. VMware has another few billion dollars in acquisitions under its belt in the last few years, including VeloCloud, Cloud Health, and last month's deal for Carbon Black, which it announced at the same time as Pivotal. The common theme is that VMware aims to integrate all of these technologies into its core platform, as it did when it bought software defined networking (SDN) company Nicira in 2012 and used it to build NSX, the virtual networking technology.\nVMware has already painted a picture for the deep integration of these assets. VeloCloud is already becoming a natural WAN complement to NSX, which was originally focused on intra datacenter connectivity. Multi cloud means the WAN will become more important, so VeloCloud will be a key technology that can be used to extend NSX to the edge. Carbon Black's cybersecurity analytics technology, originally targeted at endpoints, will be integrated deeper into VMware's cloud technology to yield \"intrinsic security,\" according to VMware executives. Finding the lock in\nAs they say \u2013 lock in is key to ruling the information technology industry. And although it's hard to lock in customers to a cloud, VMware is aiming to do just that by building a sticky management platform that keeps its users on VMware, whether that's a public cloud instance or private cloud instance \u2013 or both. It's not clear to me that any of the mega IT Goliaths, such as HPE and IBM, have demonstrated as coherent a strategy to integrate their wide ranging technology pieces into one platform. VMware's biggest competitors right now are the public cloud providers \u2013 such as Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure \u2013 but those players don't own as strong a position in private cloud as VMware does. With a paltry $60 billion market capitalization next to Microsoft's $1 trillion value and Amazon's $900 billion, VMware has a lot to gain.\nIBM has made a key large acquisition in Red Hat, which poses the most viable threat to VMware in cloud management, but IBM must disprove critics of its mixed track record in integrating large acquisitions.\nRELATED: Raynovich: Inside IBM's desperation Red Hat move\nVMware also has big advantage over the hardware conglomerates, including Cisco and HPE, because it's a software pure play, kept independent from its preferred hardware partner, Dell (which owns 81% of VMware.) This enables it to focus on software only that can run on a variety of hardware, while working on deeper integration with Dell.\nIn short, VMware's now in the best position to own multi cloud management, which could become the most important franchise in enterprise tech. It's now all down to the execution.\nR. Scott Raynovich is the founder and chief analyst of Futuriom. For two decades, he has been covering a wide range of technology as an editor, analyst, and publisher. Most recently, he was VP of research at SDxCentral.com, which acquired his previous technology website, Rayno Report, in 2015. Prior to that, he was the editor in chief of Light Reading, where he worked for nine years. Raynovich has also served as investment editor at Red Herring, where he started the New York bureau and helped build the original Redherring.com website. He has won several industry awards, including an Editor & Publisher award for Best Business Blog, and his analysis has been featured by prominent media outlets including NPR, CNBC, The Wall Street Journal, and the San Jose Mercury News. He can be reached at [email protected] ; follow him @rayno.\nIndustry Voices are opinion columns written by outside contributors\u2014often industry experts or analysts\u2014who are invited to the conversation by FierceTelecom staff. They do not represent the opinions of FierceTelecom.", "URL": "https://www.fiercetelecom.com/telecom/industry-voices-raynovich-vmware-s-cloud-within-a-cloud"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "ABB (China) Limited", "industry": "Industrial Products", "segment": "Enterprise", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Microsoft Corporation", "intensity": 2.0, "score": 19972, "relationshipStrength": "Satisfactory", "news": [{"Title": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets\u2122", "Text": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets [October 31, 2019] Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets \nCHICAGO , Oct. 31, 2019 /PRNewswire/ According to a new market research report \" Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by Component (Solutions (EAM, Enterprise Applications, EHS, and Security) and Services), Deployment Type (Private and Public Cloud), Operation (Upstream, Midstream, and Downstream), and Region Global Forecast to 2024\" , published by MarketsandMarkets , the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market size is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. Major factors fueling the market growth include the growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data and lower operational costs, and increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations.\nBrowse in depth TOC on \"Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market\"123 \u2013 Tables\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=246803500\nThe upstream operation segment to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market is segmented by operation into upstream, midstream, and downstream. The upstream sector is working hard to leverage big data to gain significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data. Hence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption at a rapid pace for achieving cost efficiency and increasing time to market.\nBy service, the training, support, and maintenance segment to grow at a higher highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by service is segmented into consulting and implementation services, and training, support, and maintenance services. The traning, support, and maintenance services segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period, as it helps oil and gas companies choose the most suitable cloud based solutions, depending on the requirements of their businesses and end users. Consulting services assist clients in maximizing their Return on Investment (RoI) by investing in suitable AI technologies.\nEurope to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nEurope is dominating the Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market, as it is the fourth largest producer of oil and gas and is already on its way to digital transformation. The oil and gas cloud applications industry in Europe is expected to witness high growth, owing to the presence of major vendors. These vendors either have a direct presence through corporate offices and Research and Development (R&D) centers or an indirect presence through sales and distribution channel partners.\nRequest for Sample Pages:\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsampleNew.asp?id=246803500\nMajor vendors in the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market include Microsoft (US), IBM (US), SAP ( Germany ), Oracle (US), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Solutions (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum Software (US).\nBrowse Adjacent Markets: Cloud Computing Market Research Reports & Consulting\nBrowse Related Report:\nCloud Applications Market by Type (Analytics, CRM, Finance and Accounting, Content management, Collaboration, eCommerce, HCM, ERP, PPM, Procurement and Distribution, Legal and Risk Management, Other Applications) \u2013 Global Forecast to 2019 https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud applications market 77759796.html\nAbout MarketsandMarkets \nMarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions.\nOur 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model \u2013 GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.\nMarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.\nContact:", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/10/31/9045146.htm"}, {"Title": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets", "Text": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets\nCHICAGO , Oct. 31, 2019 /PRNewswire/ According to a new market research report \" Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by Component (Solutions (EAM, Enterprise Applications, EHS, and Security) and Services), Deployment Type (Private and Public Cloud), Operation (Upstream, Midstream, and Downstream), and Region Global Forecast to 2024\" , published by MarketsandMarkets, the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market size is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. Major factors fueling the market growth include the growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data and lower operational costs, and increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations.\nBrowse in depth TOC on \"Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market\"123 Tables\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=246803500\nThe upstream operation segment to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market is segmented by operation into upstream, midstream, and downstream. The upstream sector is working hard to leverage big data to gain significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data. Hence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption at a rapid pace for achieving cost efficiency and increasing time to market.\nBy service, the training, support, and maintenance segment to grow at a higher highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by service is segmented into consulting and implementation services, and training, support, and maintenance services. The training, support, and maintenance services segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period, as it helps oil and gas companies choose the most suitable cloud based solutions, depending on the requirements of their businesses and end users. Consulting services assist clients in maximizing their Return on Investment (RoI) by investing in suitable AI technologies.\nEurope to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nEurope is dominating the Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market, as it is the fourth largest producer of oil and gas and is already on its way to digital transformation. The oil and gas cloud applications industry in Europe is expected to witness high growth, owing to the presence of major vendors. These vendors either have a direct presence through corporate offices and Research and Development (R&D) centers or an indirect presence through sales and distribution channel partners.\nRequest for Sample Pages:\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsampleNew.asp?id=246803500\nMajor vendors in the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market include Microsoft (US), IBM (US), SAP ( Germany ), Oracle (US), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Solutions (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum Software (US).\nBrowse Adjacent Markets: Cloud Computing Market Research Reports & Consulting\nBrowse Related Report:\nCloud Applications Market by Type (Analytics, CRM, Finance and Accounting, Content management, Collaboration, eCommerce, HCM, ERP, PPM, Procurement and Distribution, Legal and Risk Management, Other Applications) Global Forecast to 2019https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud applications market 77759796.html\nAbout MarketsandMarkets\nMarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions.\nOur 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.\nMarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.\nContact:", "URL": "https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2019-10/48055829-oil-and-gas-cloud-applications-market-worth-dollar-9-4-billion-by-2024-exclusive-report-by-marketsandmarkets-008.htm"}, {"Title": "+18% CAGR to be achieved by Smart Machines in worldwide market and know its Top Companies", "Text": "Save to my library +18% CAGR to be achieved by Smart Machines in worldwide market and know its Top Companies Abso Mark 29th Mar 2019 24 Smart machines stated to intelligent devices that use machine to machine technology for solving difficulties and make selections without human interference. These machines proposal high accurateness even when performing repetitive tasks at high speed. Technological developments and augmented research and progress investments have confirmed extremely beneficial in giving momentum to the global smart machines market. Moreover, deploying smart technologies across industries knowingly reduces the chances of errors that may cause wear and tear of mechanical components. For Sample copy of this Report: https://www.theresearchinsights.com/request_sample.php?id=5548 Vendor's profiled in this Report Includes: Apple, Google, Microsoft Corporation, BAE Systems, Creative Virtual, Digital Reasoning Systems, IBM Corporation, Narrative Science, Rethink Robotics, ABB Limited, Rockwell Automation, and General Electric Co. Smart machines are presence combined with data analytics to improve the customer experience of those adopting smart machines. It is stated that the demand for cloud based apps for customers and service personnel, to attain alerts about service and replacement requirements is progressively growing. Players are increasingly incorporating smartphone apps in their service offerings to provide end users with a platform for reaching critical information about product and service updates, in addition to, equipping their mobile robot platforms with sensors that can help in noticing wear and tear of parts. The increase in acceptance of data analytics is identified to be one of the key trends contributing towards the growth of the smart machines market. Reason to Smart Machines Market Research Report: The well known all around applications of smart machines are in businesses such as consumer electronics, healthcare, automotive, industrial, logistics, transportation, aerospace, and security. The increasing demand for continuous patient caution and monitoring has been fuelling demand for smart machines in healthcare applications. The market also increases impetus from the proliferation of the latest technologies such as the introduction of auto driving systems in the automotive sector. Access Complete Report @: https://www.theresearchinsights.com/checkout?id=5548 Huge investment by initiatives on new technologies is a primary trend prevailing in the international smart machines market, which similarly defines the degree of competitiveness in the market. The popularity of the prominent companies in the market are focusing on improving their operational efficiency and productivity. This will give a significant push to the global market for smart machines. The increasing need to eliminate the chances of human errors, apart from the growing importance of automation, is another factor supporting the growth of the market. Global smart machine market can be classified as follows. Classification by type: Expert system, autonomous robot, digital support and embedded system Application specific segmentation: defense in consumer electronics, medical, automotive, logistics and aerospace and other sectors. Get Discount on This Premium Research now @:", "URL": "https://www.wesrch.com/electronics/paper-details/press-paper-EL11TZ000YTDV-18-cagr-to-be-achieved-by-smart-machines-in-worldwide-market-and-know-its-top-companies"}, {"Title": "Utilities opt to use cloud-based analytics, despite lack of monetary incentives", "Text": "By Jill Feblowitz May 1, 2019 No Comments\nIt's been over two and a half years since NARUC passed a resolution encouraging state public utility commissions to \"consider whether cloud computing and on premise solutions should receive similar regulatory accounting treatment, in that both would be eligible to earn a rate of return and would be paid for out of a utility's capital budget.\"\nRegardless, investor owned utilities (IOUs) are still wary adopters of cloud services. Cost recovery and guaranteed rate of return for capital expenditures make capital investments more attractive than operating expenses\u2014for the most part, this has always been the case. A cloud based subscription service is treated as an operating expense [1] in most cases. There is some movement, though. Recently, the Illinois Commerce Commission, made progress on proceedings to allow utilities to pre pay for cloud services, amortize costs and derive earnings as a typical asset. Earnings on top of pay as you go were also approved, although that option doesn't have the same level of benefits as pre paid (see Making Cloud Computing and Other Services Pay for Utilities and Customers.)\nWhat this means for cloud analytics: There are less than a handful of states that are addressing cloud services for IOUs. Despite the lack of monetary incentives, utilities are adopting analytics in the cloud. A quick review of UAI membership shows at least 10 major IOUs adopting cloud based solutions at scale to address areas such as asset management, water quality, unaccounted for energy, and customer engagement. This does not include utilities that store data on the cloud but use on premise analytics. (See PG&E's Agile Asset Analytics Teamwork ). The reasons: Access to greater computing capacity; quick set up, especially for Agile teams; lower cost; lower risk of obsolescence; and access to equipment data and models (as in manufacturing companies analytics platforms). Security doesn't seem to be an issue for cloud analytics either. Since cloud analytics are advisory\u2014not control\u2014systems they may pass NERC CIP protected information standards. Analytics platforms are becoming more popular with utilities. Many platform vendors (Microsoft Azure, Cloudera, AWS, etc.) host data and may offer generic data science tools as well (Python, SAS, SPSS, Apache Spark, etc.). Other platforms layer on utility specific industry models to the mix (C3, Predix, ABB's Ellipse APM). Cloud native analytics vendors (eSmart Systems, First Fuel) combine artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) with industry domain expertise and models (for example, asset health and risk models, energy efficiency) in partnership with platform vendors. These solutions are making strides in advancing the adoption curve for AI and ML. In the future, there might not be a lot of alternatives. Cloud applications are de rigueur for traditional enterprise software providers serving the utility industry (SAS, Oracle).\nJill Feblowitz is President of Feblowitz Energy Consulting, where she helps companies in the energy ecosystem with innovation. Ms. Feblowitz has over 30 years in the business, starting with watts (as an electrician) and moving to MW (as a consultant and IT analyst), providing advice on business, regulation, and technology. She has a historical perspective as well as a keen sense of industry game changers \u2013 renewables, distributed energy resources, storage, EVs, smart grid and information/control technologies (Big Data, analytics, edge computing, AI/machine learning, robotics, and more). During her long work history, she has learned how critical analytics are to industry performance.\n[1] This treatment does not apply to municipals. Munis are driven to lower their costs, thus cloud services are attractive.", "URL": "https://utilityanalytics.com/2019/05/utilities-opt-to-use-cloud-based-analytics-despite-lack-of-monetary-incentives/"}, {"Title": "The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2%", "Text": "NEW YORK , Nov. 6, 2019 /PRNewswire/ The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2% during the forecast period\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nThe global oil and gas cloud application market size is projected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. The oil and gas cloud application industry is driven by the increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations, growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data, and lower operational costs. However, stringent government rules and regulatory compliances may hinder the growth of the oil and gas cloud application market.\nEnterprise asset management segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by solution is segmented into Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), enterprise applications, Environmental, Health And Safety (EHS), security and, others (simulation and modeling, and operational analytics).The EAM segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period.\nThe growth of this segment can be attributed to demand for high functioning assets and uninterrupted uptime in the oil and gas industry to drive the growth of EAM solutions.\nUpstream operations segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by operation has been segmented into upstream, midstream and downstream.The upstream segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, as it is working hard to leverage big data for gaining significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data.\nHence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption for achieving cost efficiency at a rapid pace.\nMiddle East and Africa to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe MEA region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The growing focus of the oil and gas companies in the region to boost operational efficiency,reduce downtime, and offer safer operations are expected to drive the growth of the market in the region.\nIn depth interviews were conducted with Chief Executive Officers (CEOs), innovation and technology directors, system integrators, and executives from various key organizations operating in the oil and gas cloud applications market.\n By Company: Tier I: 38%, Tier II: 42%, and Tier III: 20%\n By Designation: C Level Executives: 40%, Directors: 35%, and Others: 25%\n By Region: North America : 35%, APAC: 15%, Europe : 40%, RoW: 10%\nThe report includes the study of the key players offering oil and gas cloud application solutions and services.The major vendors are IBM (US), Oracle (US), Microsoft (US), SAP ( Germany ), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Technologies (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum software (US).\nIt further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the oil and gas cloud application market, along with their company profiles, business overviews, product offerings, recent developments, and market strategies.\nResearch Coverage\nThe market study covers the oil and gas cloud application market across segments.It aims at estimating the market size and the growth potential of this market, across segments, such as component, deployment mode, organization size, application, vertical, and region.\nThe study further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the market, along with their company profiles, key observations related to product and business offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies.\nKey Benefits of Buying the Report\nThe report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market with information on the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall oil and gas cloud application market and the subsegments.This report will help stakeholders understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights to position their businesses better and to plan suitable go to market strategies.\nThe report further helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities.\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nAbout Reportbuyer\nReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers\nFor more information:\nSarah Smith\nResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com\nEmail: sarah@reportbuyer.com\nTel: +1 (718) 213 4904\nWebsite: www.reportbuyer.com\n releases/the global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a cagr of 14 2 300952670.html\nSOURCE ReportBuyer", "URL": "http://business.wapakdailynews.com/wapakdailynews/news/read/39092997/the_global_oil_and_gas_cloud_application_market_size_to_grow_at_a_cagr_of_14.2"}, {"Title": "Cloud Deployment of Railways Management Systems to Gain Steadfast Traction", "Text": "Cloud Deployment of Railways Management Systems to Gain Steadfast Traction For maintaining the operational efficiency of rail infrastructures, governments are actively focusing on optimisation trends\nValley Cottage, NY ( SBWIRE ) 05/07/2019 For maintaining the operational efficiency of rail infrastructures, governments are actively focusing on optimisation trends. Railways management systems are being deployed across railway administrations across the globe. Travel time simulation, timetable management, driver mission management, and rolling stocks management are among the key trends influencing the adoption of railways management systems. In order to reduce the incidence of railway accidents and untimely departures & arrivals, authorities administrating the railway traffics are demanding real time monitoring and tracking solutions, which are being facilitated by advanced railways management systems. According to Future Market Insights, the global market for railways management systems is anticipated to expand vigorously in the upcoming years. By the end of 2022, the global railways management system market is poised to be worth nearly US$ 5 billion. The report offers an exclusive study on the global railways management system market, revealing key presumptive scenarios for market expansion. Over the forecast period, 2017 2022, the global market for railways management systems is expected to register a value CAGR of 10.4%. Download Key Insights Information of Report @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/customization available/rep gb 5193 North America to register higher adoption of railways management systems The report has anticipated that North America will dominate the global railways management system market in terms of revenues. With a robust rail infrastructure in this region, a majority of freight and logistics operations in the US and Canada are carried out through railways. To keep up with the volatility of consumer marketplaces in North America, railway administration in this region is actively adopting railways management systems that boost the efficiency in arrival and departures of rolling stocks. By the end of 2022, the railways management system market in North America is pegged to be worth over US$ 1.7 billion. The adoption of railways management systems in Asia Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ) is also expected to gain considerable traction. Considering how efficient railway transportation has served as a mainstay for economic development in several APEJ countries, the railways management system market in this region is expected to expand at a robust CAGR during the forecast period. Europe's railways management system market is also expected to showcase impressive growth in few years down the line. Cloud deployment of railways management systems to record a CAGR of 13.2% With respect to adoption of railways management systems, traffic planning solutions and track management systems are anticipated to gain considerable traction. In 2017, revenues procured from adoption of these two solutions is estimated to account for over 40 percent of the overall value of global railways management system market. While majority of railways management systems are being deployed with on premise models, the report estimates a promising growth in demand for cloud deployment. Through cloud deployment, around US$ 2 billion worth of railways management systems are anticipated to be adopted globally by the end of 2022. With cloud deployment, adoption of fully integrated railways management systems will become less challenging. Cloud deployments models are also expected to facilitate integration of third party subsystems. Download Sample Copy of Report @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep gb 5193 For development of railways management systems, many companies are expected to focus on providing intelligent conflict detection modules. Several companies are also expected to develop distinct subsystems on railways management, which could be used to improve the performance of existing systems. The report has also profiled key developers of railways management systems in the global market. Companies namely, GAO RFID, Hitachi, Ltd., Amadeus IT Group, S.A, Cisco Systems, Inc., ABB Limited, IBM Corporation, Thales S.A., Toshiba Corporation, General Electric Co., and Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. are expected to remain active in global expansion of railways management system market over the span of next five years. Media Relations Contact", "URL": "http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/cloud-deployment-of-railways-management-systems-to-gain-steadfast-traction-1212542.htm"}, {"Title": "The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2%", "Text": "NEW YORK , Nov. 6, 2019 /PRNewswire/ The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2% during the forecast period\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nThe global oil and gas cloud application market size is projected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. The oil and gas cloud application industry is driven by the increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations, growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data, and lower operational costs. However, stringent government rules and regulatory compliances may hinder the growth of the oil and gas cloud application market.\nEnterprise asset management segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by solution is segmented into Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), enterprise applications, Environmental, Health And Safety (EHS), security and, others (simulation and modeling, and operational analytics).The EAM segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period.\nThe growth of this segment can be attributed to demand for high functioning assets and uninterrupted uptime in the oil and gas industry to drive the growth of EAM solutions.\nUpstream operations segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by operation has been segmented into upstream, midstream and downstream.The upstream segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, as it is working hard to leverage big data for gaining significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data.\nHence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption for achieving cost efficiency at a rapid pace.\nMiddle East and Africa to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe MEA region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The growing focus of the oil and gas companies in the region to boost operational efficiency,reduce downtime, and offer safer operations are expected to drive the growth of the market in the region.\nIn depth interviews were conducted with Chief Executive Officers (CEOs), innovation and technology directors, system integrators, and executives from various key organizations operating in the oil and gas cloud applications market.\n By Company: Tier I: 38%, Tier II: 42%, and Tier III: 20%\n By Designation: C Level Executives: 40%, Directors: 35%, and Others: 25%\n By Region: North America : 35%, APAC: 15%, Europe : 40%, RoW: 10%\nThe report includes the study of the key players offering oil and gas cloud application solutions and services.The major vendors are IBM (US), Oracle (US), Microsoft (US), SAP ( Germany ), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Technologies (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum software (US).\nIt further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the oil and gas cloud application market, along with their company profiles, business overviews, product offerings, recent developments, and market strategies.\nResearch Coverage\nThe market study covers the oil and gas cloud application market across segments.It aims at estimating the market size and the growth potential of this market, across segments, such as component, deployment mode, organization size, application, vertical, and region.\nThe study further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the market, along with their company profiles, key observations related to product and business offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies.\nKey Benefits of Buying the Report\nThe report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market with information on the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall oil and gas cloud application market and the subsegments.This report will help stakeholders understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights to position their businesses better and to plan suitable go to market strategies.\nThe report further helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities.\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nAbout Reportbuyer\nReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers\nFor more information:\nSarah Smith\nResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com\nEmail: sarah@reportbuyer.com\nTel: +1 (718) 213 4904\nWebsite: www.reportbuyer.com\nView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news releases/the global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a cagr of 14 2 300952670.html\nSOURCE ReportBuyer", "URL": "http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/the-global-oil-and-gas-cloud-application-market-size-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-14-2-1028664637"}, {"Title": "The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2%", "Text": "NEW YORK , Nov. 6, The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2% during the forecast period\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nThe global oil and gas cloud application market size is projected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. The oil and gas cloud application industry is driven by the increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations, growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data, and lower operational costs. However, stringent government rules and regulatory compliances may hinder the growth of the oil and gas cloud application market. Enterprise asset management segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period The oil and gas cloud application market by solution is segmented into Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), enterprise applications, Environmental, Health And Safety (EHS), security and, others (simulation and modeling, and operational analytics).The EAM segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period. The growth of this segment can be attributed to demand for high functioning assets and uninterrupted uptime in the oil and gas industry to drive the growth of EAM solutions. Upstream operations segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period The oil and gas cloud application market by operation has been segmented into upstream, midstream and downstream.The upstream segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, as it is working hard to leverage big data for gaining significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data. Hence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption for achieving cost efficiency at a rapid pace. Middle East and Africa to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period The MEA region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The growing focus of the oil and gas companies in the region to boost operational efficiency,reduce downtime, and offer safer operations are expected to drive the growth of the market in the region. In depth interviews were conducted with Chief Executive Officers (CEOs), innovation and technology directors, system integrators, and executives from various key organizations operating in the oil and gas cloud applications market. By Company: Tier I: 38%, Tier II: 42%, and Tier III: 20% By Designation: C Level Executives: 40%, Directors: 35%, and Others: 25% By Region: North America : 35%, APAC: 15%, Europe : 40%, RoW: 10% The report includes the study of the key players offering oil and gas cloud application solutions and services.The major vendors are IBM (US), Oracle (US), Microsoft (US), SAP ( Germany ), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Technologies (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum software (US). It further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the oil and gas cloud application market, along with their company profiles, business overviews, product offerings, recent developments, and market strategies. Research Coverage The market study covers the oil and gas cloud application market across segments.It aims at estimating the market size and the growth potential of this market, across segments, such as component, deployment mode, organization size, application, vertical, and region. The study further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the market, along with their company profiles, key observations related to product and business offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies. Key Benefits of Buying the Report The report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market with information on the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall oil and gas cloud application market and the subsegments.This report will help stakeholders understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights to position their businesses better and to plan suitable go to market strategies. The report further helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: sarah@reportbuyer.com Tel: +1 (718) 213 4904 Website: www.reportbuyer.com\nSOURCE ReportBuyer\nRelated Links http://www.reportbuyer.com", "URL": "https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-global-oil-and-gas-cloud-application-market-size-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-14-2-300952670.html"}, {"Title": "AWS vs. Azure and Google: An IoT cloud platform comparison", "Text": "Evaluate Weigh the pros and cons of technologies, products and projects you are considering. AWS vs. Azure and Google: An IoT cloud platform comparison Find out where the IoT platform market stands today. Dive into this comparison of capabilities from AWS, Microsoft Azure and Google, as well as cloud vs. industrial IoT. Share this item with your network: Alan R. Earls\nIt seems like everyone wants to get into the IoT business these days. The top three cloud vendors are no different, as they continue to use their market advantages to promote their offerings.\nAnd despite the similarities in the cloud providers' IoT services, there are substantial differences. For example, AWS, Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure differ in how they package IoT tools and work with partners. Furthermore, in some cases, an enterprise may find a newer or smaller competitor outside of the big three better fits its needs.\nIn this IoT cloud platform comparison, we'll provide an overview of what's available from the major providers and how the vendors' IoT platforms differ. We'll also help you weigh your options when it comes to cloud versus industrial IoT. AWS vs. Azure and Google\nWhile the three major cloud providers' IoT platforms are similar on the surface, each has its strengths, said Tom Petrocelli, a research fellow at Amalgam Insights. For example, Google Cloud Platform (GCP) has the best AI capability, and Azure works the best with Windows workloads.\nAs far as AWS, the platform offers good fundamentals that provide the building blocks for scalable, reliable and secure IoT applications, said Tolga Tarhan, CTO at Onica, an AWS consulting partner. Developers can let the AWS IoT platform handle the heavy lifting and focus on making their application or feature unique.\nIn particular, AWS IoT Core, an Amazon service focused on connectivity and ingestion, enables devices to connect securely to the cloud infrastructure and route messages.\nAs recently as 2018, some experts believed GCP trailed AWS and Azure in IoT capability. That year, Forrester Research produced a report on industrial IoT and cloud that examined a dozen or so providers, including AWS and Azure but not Google.\n\"We didn't feel that Google had a sufficiently rich set of capabilities in production, nor a sufficiently broad and deep set of reference deployments with paying customers,\" said Paul Miller, Forrester analyst. However, he added, Google has come a long way since then.\nNowadays, in terms of an IoT cloud platform comparison, there's significant overlap among AWS, Google and Azure, according to Jonathan Dexter, engineering practice director at The Nerdery, a digital business consultancy. For instance, Azure IoT Hub, AWS IoT Core and Google Cloud IoT Core all offer cloud and edge capabilities, as well as device management. The core components are often the same, though they're packaged differently, Dexter said.\nFor example, Azure offers IoT Central, an environment with a message queue, device management and event triggers within one platform. Similar features are available in GCP or AWS, but developers working on those platforms would need to build those features out themselves.\nLikewise, each cloud IoT environment offers its own analytics tools, both streaming and in place, along with visualization technologies. While Google offers Cloud Machine Learning and Data Studio, Azure offers Power BI and Streaming Analytics. IoT ease of use and functionality\nOrganizations will largely find it easier to use the cloud they're already familiar with, though there are differences in platform functionality. For example, Azure's IoT Central provides simplicity, but it's constrained in the problems it can solve, Dexter said.\n\"Each provider requires a different collection of edge, messaging, streaming analytics or business intelligence functionality, and making a from the ground up IoT platform requires knowledge of software development,\" he said.\nAzure has placed significant focus on packaging IoT platforms with a comprehensive set of partnerships. AWS IoT is a close second, but requires some aptitude with the AWS platform.\nGoogle is an up and coming IoT contender, Dexter said. It can use its machine learning expertise, featured in BigQuery and TensorFlow , to power and differentiate its IoT capabilities.\n\"TensorFlow and Azure IoT Edge both aim to target the requirement for edge computing with focuses on things like image recognition or contact signaling,\" Dexter said. AWS IoT Greengrass has a similar deployment model with Lambda@Edge, but with less direct platform focus on machine learning and analytics, he added. IoT cloud platform comparison: Beyond the big three\nIndustrial players such as ABB, Bosch, General Electric, Hitachi, Schneider and Siemens have recognized they cannot compete directly with the hyperscale cloud providers to build a global network of data centers, Forrester's Miller said. Instead, they've opted to run their industrial IoT platforms on top of the major public clouds.\nInitially, many of the industrial companies used these clouds for little more than hosting. But now, they're incorporating more of the public cloud IoT capabilities into their services as they seek to focus on unique capabilities they can offer, Miller said.\nFor example, these industrial vendors have expertise in how to connect and maintain physical IoT devices. They may also have private cloud or edge versions of their IoT software for when the public cloud isn't quite up to the job due to intermittent connectivity, bandwidth limitations or data territoriality concerns.\nCloud providers still have an advantage in analytics and machine learning. IoT platforms can't just be about connecting and managing IoT devices. They need to support workflows that extract insights from the data. Cloud providers often have a richer set of analytics and machine learning capabilities than the industrial companies. This was last published in April 2019 Dig Deeper on AWS tools for development", "URL": "https://searchaws.techtarget.com/feature/AWS-vs-Azure-and-Google-An-IoT-cloud-platform-comparison"}, {"Title": "Global Smart Machines Market Value to Increase from US $55.3 Bn in 2015 to US $258.5 Bn by 2024", "Text": "RSS Global Smart Machines Market Value to Increase from US $55.3 Bn in 2015 to US $258.5 Bn by 2024 The global smart machines are expected to be valued at US$ 258.5 Bn by 2024 end and expand at a CAGR of 18.8% during the forecast period (2016\u20132024).\nValley Cottage, NY ( SBWIRE ) 03/28/2019 Persistence Market Research (PMR) delivers key insights on the global smart machines market in its upcoming report titled, \" Smart Machines Market : Global Industry Analysis and Forecast, 2016 2024\". In terms of value, the global smart machines market is projected to register a healthy CAGR of 18.8% during the forecast period. This is attributed to various factors, regarding which PMR offers vital insights in detail. On the basis of a component, the global smart machines market has been segmented into hardware, software, and service. Demand for smart machines is enhanced by increasing need to process and analyze big unstructured data among different sectors such as manufacturing, healthcare, aerospace, and defense. On the basis of machine type, the global smart machines market has been segmented into robots, autonomous cars, drones, wearable electronics and others. On the basis of technology, the global smart machines market has been segmented into cloud computing, big data, internet of everything (IoE), robotics, cognitive technology and effective technology. Affective technology segment is expected to expand with a substantial CAGR over the forecast period. Various enterprises working on cognitive computing are facing glitches and errors in technology. This, in turn, is encouraging adoption of affective computing. Cognitive computing technology enables emotions linking to a robot, assisting the robot in making rational decisions and performing more complex tasks. Request for sample report: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/8872 Smart machines are deployed to enhance networked resources and implement distributed intelligence in manufacturing industries. Integration of devices provides more accessibility. Smart machines can be easily connected to a broader network of connected devices, enabling users to share data on numerous devices. This ensures users to connect/access their devices from anywhere and anytime. This is expected to fuel demand for smart machines in various industries. The market in Australia is expected to witness substantial growth in adoption rates of smart machines over the next five years. Autonomous robots are expected to find applications in agriculture and commercial sectors to overcome the lack of labor in the country. Australia based companies have also been investing significantly in advanced technologies such as IoT. Smart machines are programmed to make intelligent decisions in a time efficient manner. They are built to learn from their interactions and their precision increases over time. Hence, new developments in operational intelligence are encouraging companies to adopt systems that are smarter and efficient. Narrative Science Inc., a company that offers analytical solutions uses its virtual assistant Quill, which is programed using natural language processing to provide relevant solutions. This report covers trends driving each segment and offers analysis and insights of the potential of the smart machines market in specific regions. The markets in Europe, North America, and Asia Pacific are expected to register high growth rates between 2016 and 2024. MEA is a small but significant market for smart machines as governments in the Middle East countries are investing in this sector to digitize government services. The market in Europe is expected to gain substantial market share in terms of revenue. This is attributed to increasing demand for smart machines from the automobile and manufacturing industries in countries such as Germany and France. The APAC accounted for the highest market share in 2015 and is expected to gain 232 BPS by an end of 2024. Request Report TOC @ https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/methodology/8872 Key players in the global smart machines market include Apple Inc., Google Inc., Microsoft Corporation, BAE Systems, Creative Virtual Ltd., Digital Reasoning Systems, Inc., IBM Corporation, Narrative Science Inc., Rethink Robotics, ABB Limited, Rockwell Automation, Inc., and General Electric Co. others. Media Relations Contact", "URL": "http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-smart-machines-market-value-to-increase-from-us-553-bn-in-2015-to-us-2585-bn-by-2024-1182846.htm"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "ABB Inc.", "industry": "Industrial Products", "segment": "Industry", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Microsoft Corporation", "intensity": 63.0, "score": 42436, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets\u2122", "Text": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets [October 31, 2019] Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets \nCHICAGO , Oct. 31, 2019 /PRNewswire/ According to a new market research report \" Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by Component (Solutions (EAM, Enterprise Applications, EHS, and Security) and Services), Deployment Type (Private and Public Cloud), Operation (Upstream, Midstream, and Downstream), and Region Global Forecast to 2024\" , published by MarketsandMarkets , the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market size is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. Major factors fueling the market growth include the growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data and lower operational costs, and increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations.\nBrowse in depth TOC on \"Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market\"123 \u2013 Tables\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=246803500\nThe upstream operation segment to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market is segmented by operation into upstream, midstream, and downstream. The upstream sector is working hard to leverage big data to gain significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data. Hence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption at a rapid pace for achieving cost efficiency and increasing time to market.\nBy service, the training, support, and maintenance segment to grow at a higher highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by service is segmented into consulting and implementation services, and training, support, and maintenance services. The traning, support, and maintenance services segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period, as it helps oil and gas companies choose the most suitable cloud based solutions, depending on the requirements of their businesses and end users. Consulting services assist clients in maximizing their Return on Investment (RoI) by investing in suitable AI technologies.\nEurope to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nEurope is dominating the Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market, as it is the fourth largest producer of oil and gas and is already on its way to digital transformation. The oil and gas cloud applications industry in Europe is expected to witness high growth, owing to the presence of major vendors. These vendors either have a direct presence through corporate offices and Research and Development (R&D) centers or an indirect presence through sales and distribution channel partners.\nRequest for Sample Pages:\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsampleNew.asp?id=246803500\nMajor vendors in the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market include Microsoft (US), IBM (US), SAP ( Germany ), Oracle (US), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Solutions (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum Software (US).\nBrowse Adjacent Markets: Cloud Computing Market Research Reports & Consulting\nBrowse Related Report:\nCloud Applications Market by Type (Analytics, CRM, Finance and Accounting, Content management, Collaboration, eCommerce, HCM, ERP, PPM, Procurement and Distribution, Legal and Risk Management, Other Applications) \u2013 Global Forecast to 2019 https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud applications market 77759796.html\nAbout MarketsandMarkets \nMarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions.\nOur 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model \u2013 GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.\nMarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.\nContact:", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/10/31/9045146.htm"}, {"Title": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets", "Text": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets\nCHICAGO , Oct. 31, 2019 /PRNewswire/ According to a new market research report \" Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by Component (Solutions (EAM, Enterprise Applications, EHS, and Security) and Services), Deployment Type (Private and Public Cloud), Operation (Upstream, Midstream, and Downstream), and Region Global Forecast to 2024\" , published by MarketsandMarkets, the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market size is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. Major factors fueling the market growth include the growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data and lower operational costs, and increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations.\nBrowse in depth TOC on \"Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market\"123 Tables\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=246803500\nThe upstream operation segment to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market is segmented by operation into upstream, midstream, and downstream. The upstream sector is working hard to leverage big data to gain significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data. Hence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption at a rapid pace for achieving cost efficiency and increasing time to market.\nBy service, the training, support, and maintenance segment to grow at a higher highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by service is segmented into consulting and implementation services, and training, support, and maintenance services. The training, support, and maintenance services segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period, as it helps oil and gas companies choose the most suitable cloud based solutions, depending on the requirements of their businesses and end users. Consulting services assist clients in maximizing their Return on Investment (RoI) by investing in suitable AI technologies.\nEurope to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nEurope is dominating the Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market, as it is the fourth largest producer of oil and gas and is already on its way to digital transformation. The oil and gas cloud applications industry in Europe is expected to witness high growth, owing to the presence of major vendors. These vendors either have a direct presence through corporate offices and Research and Development (R&D) centers or an indirect presence through sales and distribution channel partners.\nRequest for Sample Pages:\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsampleNew.asp?id=246803500\nMajor vendors in the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market include Microsoft (US), IBM (US), SAP ( Germany ), Oracle (US), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Solutions (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum Software (US).\nBrowse Adjacent Markets: Cloud Computing Market Research Reports & Consulting\nBrowse Related Report:\nCloud Applications Market by Type (Analytics, CRM, Finance and Accounting, Content management, Collaboration, eCommerce, HCM, ERP, PPM, Procurement and Distribution, Legal and Risk Management, Other Applications) Global Forecast to 2019https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud applications market 77759796.html\nAbout MarketsandMarkets\nMarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions.\nOur 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.\nMarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.\nContact:", "URL": "https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2019-10/48055829-oil-and-gas-cloud-applications-market-worth-dollar-9-4-billion-by-2024-exclusive-report-by-marketsandmarkets-008.htm"}, {"Title": "Utilities opt to use cloud-based analytics, despite lack of monetary incentives", "Text": "By Jill Feblowitz May 1, 2019 No Comments\nIt's been over two and a half years since NARUC passed a resolution encouraging state public utility commissions to \"consider whether cloud computing and on premise solutions should receive similar regulatory accounting treatment, in that both would be eligible to earn a rate of return and would be paid for out of a utility's capital budget.\"\nRegardless, investor owned utilities (IOUs) are still wary adopters of cloud services. Cost recovery and guaranteed rate of return for capital expenditures make capital investments more attractive than operating expenses\u2014for the most part, this has always been the case. A cloud based subscription service is treated as an operating expense [1] in most cases. There is some movement, though. Recently, the Illinois Commerce Commission, made progress on proceedings to allow utilities to pre pay for cloud services, amortize costs and derive earnings as a typical asset. Earnings on top of pay as you go were also approved, although that option doesn't have the same level of benefits as pre paid (see Making Cloud Computing and Other Services Pay for Utilities and Customers.)\nWhat this means for cloud analytics: There are less than a handful of states that are addressing cloud services for IOUs. Despite the lack of monetary incentives, utilities are adopting analytics in the cloud. A quick review of UAI membership shows at least 10 major IOUs adopting cloud based solutions at scale to address areas such as asset management, water quality, unaccounted for energy, and customer engagement. This does not include utilities that store data on the cloud but use on premise analytics. (See PG&E's Agile Asset Analytics Teamwork ). The reasons: Access to greater computing capacity; quick set up, especially for Agile teams; lower cost; lower risk of obsolescence; and access to equipment data and models (as in manufacturing companies analytics platforms). Security doesn't seem to be an issue for cloud analytics either. Since cloud analytics are advisory\u2014not control\u2014systems they may pass NERC CIP protected information standards. Analytics platforms are becoming more popular with utilities. Many platform vendors (Microsoft Azure, Cloudera, AWS, etc.) host data and may offer generic data science tools as well (Python, SAS, SPSS, Apache Spark, etc.). Other platforms layer on utility specific industry models to the mix (C3, Predix, ABB's Ellipse APM). Cloud native analytics vendors (eSmart Systems, First Fuel) combine artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) with industry domain expertise and models (for example, asset health and risk models, energy efficiency) in partnership with platform vendors. These solutions are making strides in advancing the adoption curve for AI and ML. In the future, there might not be a lot of alternatives. Cloud applications are de rigueur for traditional enterprise software providers serving the utility industry (SAS, Oracle).\nJill Feblowitz is President of Feblowitz Energy Consulting, where she helps companies in the energy ecosystem with innovation. Ms. Feblowitz has over 30 years in the business, starting with watts (as an electrician) and moving to MW (as a consultant and IT analyst), providing advice on business, regulation, and technology. She has a historical perspective as well as a keen sense of industry game changers \u2013 renewables, distributed energy resources, storage, EVs, smart grid and information/control technologies (Big Data, analytics, edge computing, AI/machine learning, robotics, and more). During her long work history, she has learned how critical analytics are to industry performance.\n[1] This treatment does not apply to municipals. Munis are driven to lower their costs, thus cloud services are attractive.", "URL": "https://utilityanalytics.com/2019/05/utilities-opt-to-use-cloud-based-analytics-despite-lack-of-monetary-incentives/"}, {"Title": "The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2%", "Text": "NEW YORK , Nov. 6, 2019 /PRNewswire/ The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2% during the forecast period\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nThe global oil and gas cloud application market size is projected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. The oil and gas cloud application industry is driven by the increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations, growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data, and lower operational costs. However, stringent government rules and regulatory compliances may hinder the growth of the oil and gas cloud application market.\nEnterprise asset management segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by solution is segmented into Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), enterprise applications, Environmental, Health And Safety (EHS), security and, others (simulation and modeling, and operational analytics).The EAM segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period.\nThe growth of this segment can be attributed to demand for high functioning assets and uninterrupted uptime in the oil and gas industry to drive the growth of EAM solutions.\nUpstream operations segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by operation has been segmented into upstream, midstream and downstream.The upstream segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, as it is working hard to leverage big data for gaining significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data.\nHence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption for achieving cost efficiency at a rapid pace.\nMiddle East and Africa to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe MEA region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The growing focus of the oil and gas companies in the region to boost operational efficiency,reduce downtime, and offer safer operations are expected to drive the growth of the market in the region.\nIn depth interviews were conducted with Chief Executive Officers (CEOs), innovation and technology directors, system integrators, and executives from various key organizations operating in the oil and gas cloud applications market.\n By Company: Tier I: 38%, Tier II: 42%, and Tier III: 20%\n By Designation: C Level Executives: 40%, Directors: 35%, and Others: 25%\n By Region: North America : 35%, APAC: 15%, Europe : 40%, RoW: 10%\nThe report includes the study of the key players offering oil and gas cloud application solutions and services.The major vendors are IBM (US), Oracle (US), Microsoft (US), SAP ( Germany ), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Technologies (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum software (US).\nIt further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the oil and gas cloud application market, along with their company profiles, business overviews, product offerings, recent developments, and market strategies.\nResearch Coverage\nThe market study covers the oil and gas cloud application market across segments.It aims at estimating the market size and the growth potential of this market, across segments, such as component, deployment mode, organization size, application, vertical, and region.\nThe study further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the market, along with their company profiles, key observations related to product and business offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies.\nKey Benefits of Buying the Report\nThe report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market with information on the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall oil and gas cloud application market and the subsegments.This report will help stakeholders understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights to position their businesses better and to plan suitable go to market strategies.\nThe report further helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities.\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nAbout Reportbuyer\nReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers\nFor more information:\nSarah Smith\nResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com\nEmail: sarah@reportbuyer.com\nTel: +1 (718) 213 4904\nWebsite: www.reportbuyer.com\n releases/the global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a cagr of 14 2 300952670.html\nSOURCE ReportBuyer", "URL": "http://business.wapakdailynews.com/wapakdailynews/news/read/39092997/the_global_oil_and_gas_cloud_application_market_size_to_grow_at_a_cagr_of_14.2"}, {"Title": "The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2%", "Text": "NEW YORK , Nov. 6, 2019 /PRNewswire/ The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2% during the forecast period\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nThe global oil and gas cloud application market size is projected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. The oil and gas cloud application industry is driven by the increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations, growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data, and lower operational costs. However, stringent government rules and regulatory compliances may hinder the growth of the oil and gas cloud application market.\nEnterprise asset management segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by solution is segmented into Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), enterprise applications, Environmental, Health And Safety (EHS), security and, others (simulation and modeling, and operational analytics).The EAM segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period.\nThe growth of this segment can be attributed to demand for high functioning assets and uninterrupted uptime in the oil and gas industry to drive the growth of EAM solutions.\nUpstream operations segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by operation has been segmented into upstream, midstream and downstream.The upstream segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, as it is working hard to leverage big data for gaining significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data.\nHence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption for achieving cost efficiency at a rapid pace.\nMiddle East and Africa to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe MEA region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The growing focus of the oil and gas companies in the region to boost operational efficiency,reduce downtime, and offer safer operations are expected to drive the growth of the market in the region.\nIn depth interviews were conducted with Chief Executive Officers (CEOs), innovation and technology directors, system integrators, and executives from various key organizations operating in the oil and gas cloud applications market.\n By Company: Tier I: 38%, Tier II: 42%, and Tier III: 20%\n By Designation: C Level Executives: 40%, Directors: 35%, and Others: 25%\n By Region: North America : 35%, APAC: 15%, Europe : 40%, RoW: 10%\nThe report includes the study of the key players offering oil and gas cloud application solutions and services.The major vendors are IBM (US), Oracle (US), Microsoft (US), SAP ( Germany ), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Technologies (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum software (US).\nIt further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the oil and gas cloud application market, along with their company profiles, business overviews, product offerings, recent developments, and market strategies.\nResearch Coverage\nThe market study covers the oil and gas cloud application market across segments.It aims at estimating the market size and the growth potential of this market, across segments, such as component, deployment mode, organization size, application, vertical, and region.\nThe study further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the market, along with their company profiles, key observations related to product and business offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies.\nKey Benefits of Buying the Report\nThe report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market with information on the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall oil and gas cloud application market and the subsegments.This report will help stakeholders understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights to position their businesses better and to plan suitable go to market strategies.\nThe report further helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities.\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nAbout Reportbuyer\nReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers\nFor more information:\nSarah Smith\nResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com\nEmail: sarah@reportbuyer.com\nTel: +1 (718) 213 4904\nWebsite: www.reportbuyer.com\nView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news releases/the global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a cagr of 14 2 300952670.html\nSOURCE ReportBuyer", "URL": "http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/the-global-oil-and-gas-cloud-application-market-size-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-14-2-1028664637"}, {"Title": "Geek+ unveils CARE strategy during first Global Smart Logistics Summit", "Text": "Company introduces Geek+ Cloud Brain: AI at your fingertips Geek+ to invest at least $150 million in AI R&D over the next three years NANJING , China , Oct. 15, Geek+, a global leader in advanced robotics and AI technologies announced today the launch of its three year \"CARE\" strategy. The announcement was made during the Company's inaugural Global Smart Logistics Summit in Nanjing , gathering nearly 400 global clients and technology partners across a wide range of industries to discuss key issues and technology trends impacting the global supply chain. Geek+ CARE, namely Customer focus, Artificial Intelligence, Robots as a Service and Ecosystem Enabling, will be the engine of the Company's global growth in the next three years.\nIn his keynote speech, Yong Zheng , founder and CEO at Geek+ said: \" Our vision is to become a global AI robotics leader, to build a smart infrastructure and service network based on robotics technology and strategic partnerships, integrating more and more technology and industrial partners to help customers achieve a digital, agile and intelligent supply chain. To realize this vision, we will steer our growth in four dimensions: customer focus, technology innovation based on AI R&D, business innovation through Robot as a service business model and industry integration with a supply chain ecosystem. The CARE strategy.\"\nLabor intensive industries are being transformed by technologies, impacted by lack of available labor and increasing costs. In parallel, high requirements for personalization and diversification have made product life cycles shorter, bringing business instability and demand issues to which rigid automation systems are not adapted. \"For companies in retail, apparel and manufacturing, agility is a now a vital need. This is why flexible and scalable robot systems and shared service models will dominate. We are working with our partners to apply AI, robotics and Internet of Things where they can have the biggest impact. Logistics is the logical first step ,\" added Yong Zheng.\nGeek + CARE\n1. Customer focused : From China's third largest ecommerce platform VIP.com , global powerhouses like Nike, Decathlon, Dell, Toyota and DHL , to special projects such as Shenzhen's 1.2 million book Baoan library, Geek+ has become the go to provider of high tech logistics solutions. Understanding customer needs and strengthening industry knowledge is key to consolidating market leadership. The logistics robot industry is rapidly returning to basics. Companies are not only concerned with improving efficiency, but with reliability, ease of use and safety. Geek+ will further strengthen industry know how by leveraging its technological advantages, while accumulating operational experience and building a global service capability to create real, comprehensive business and social value for customers.\n2. Artificial Intelligence driven : Artificial Intelligence technologies are the heart of Geek+ solutions, with an R&D team of over 400 engineers including a dedicated AI algorithm research team. With CARE, Geek+ will focus on two main directions for AI R&D:\n(i) Robots AI: Improving the autonomy of robot navigation and perception: getting the robot to listen, think and see better.\n(ii) Logistics AI: making logistics smarter and more efficient, solving comprehensive optimization issues in robot scheduling, inventory management, and order execution.\nGeek+ will also work on specific application scenarios in different industries, accumulating data to continuously improve robot and system capabilities through machine learning.\nIn the next three years, Geek+ pledges to invest no less than $150 million in robotics and AI R&D.\n3. Robot as a Service : With its innovative \"RaaS\" business model, Geek+ operates over 200,000 square meters of smart warehouses and has built a shared network of thousands of robots. This robot sharing service model helps customers reduce initial investment and lowers market entry barriers, while improving efficiency and decreasing overall operating costs. It makes robots attainable and affordable to businesses of all sizes. Under CARE, Geek+ will further expand its robot service network to help customers build reliable and efficient warehousing logistics capabilities in a very short time, respond quickly to market demand and seize business opportunities.\n4. Ecosystem enabling : Geek+ is committed to working with exceptional technology and supply chain companies to create a strong technological and industrial ecosystem, and jointly form an intelligent and agile supply chain.\n(i) Technology Ecosystem : Geek+ partners with global leaders such as Microsoft, Intel and ABB in the fields of cloud computing, Internet of Things, and robotics, to provide customers with a total integrated smart logistics solution. In this ecosystem, Geek+ supports technology partners with its understanding of the logistics industry, smart solutions design capabilities and the ability to provide a global service.\n(ii) Industrial Ecosystem : Geek+ partners with logistics real estate developers, 3PL companies, express delivery and transportation companies, manufacturers, retailers and brands to open up upstream and downstream, promote synergies and accelerate the overall transformation of the supply chain. As the logistics technology leader in the supply chain ecosystem, Geek+ will drive the ecosystem to create a new generation of digital, agile and intelligent supply chain for customers through technology and the concept of smart logistics.\nGeek+ Cloud Brain for accessible AI and higher efficiency\nDuring the Summit, Geek+ unveiled the first act of CARE: Geek+ Cloud Brain. The Geek+ Cloud Brain is a cloud based a pplication platform as a Service ( a PaaS ) system which allows customers to easily reconfigure their solutions and deploy them through the cloud, freely dispatching robots and various devices in a highly flexible and intelligent system. Geek+ Cloud Brain significantly reduces the difficulty of implementing and operating smart logistics, making AI at your fingertips.\nGeek+ Cloud Brain has three major advantages:\nClose to no coding: As an a PaaS platform, Geek+ Cloud allows users to drag and drop modules without almost no need to code, through an easy to use system interface. The customer can quickly develop and integrate features to tweak and even redesign the solution to respond to business changes. Robot and other device operating system: Users can schedule and command different types of robots and equipment through the OS features realizing the digitization and automation of the solution. Hundreds of different type of devices can work together, including mobile robots, forklifts and conveyor belts. Cloud computing service model: Customers can opt to have the solution running on the cloud. The cloud platform can be a private cloud or operated by global cloud providers, making the system scalable, easy to deploy and easy to maintain. Hongbo Li , co founder and Chief Technology Officer at Geek+ said: \"Smart logistics robotics technologies have rapidly developed in recent years, but the complexity of the system and abundance of dark data make them difficult to operate. In reality, the solutions can require many engineers to operate them efficiently, which hinders cost reduction and efficiency gains. With Geek+ Cloud Brain, we have solved this problem, making AI technology accessible and easy to use, at the tip of the customer's fingers.\"\nGeek+ Cloud Brain is already implemented in Geek+ warehouses, and can serve customers around the world. \" The system is ready to support the millions of orders we will process on next month's 11/11 Shopping Festival ,\" added Hongbo Li. Geek+ is the first independent logistics robots company to provide customers with a cloud robotics smart logistics platform.\nAbout Geek+\nGeek+ is global technology company leading the intelligent logistics revolution. We apply advanced robotics and AI technologies to realize flexible, reliable and highly efficient solutions for warehouses and supply chain management.\nOur R&D team brings together the brightest robotics, computer science and AI engineers with industrial engineers that have deep understanding and proven experience in supply chain management, enabling us to offer truly comprehensive intelligent logistics solutions to our customers. As such our team develops tailored solutions to a wide range of industries, including ecommerce, apparel, retail, logistics, 3PL, pharmaceutical, and manufacturing.\nGeek+ has successfully completed over 200 projects across four continents, deploying more than 7,000 robots. Founded in 2015, Geek+ has over 700 employees and is headquartered in Beijing , with offices in Germany , Japan , Hong Kong and Singapore.\nFor more information please visit: https://www.geekplusrobotics.com/\nSOURCE Geek+\nRelated Links https://www.geekplusrobotics.com", "URL": "https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/geek-unveils-care-strategy-during-first-global-smart-logistics-summit-300938482.html"}, {"Title": "The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2%", "Text": "NEW YORK , Nov. 6, The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2% during the forecast period\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nThe global oil and gas cloud application market size is projected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. The oil and gas cloud application industry is driven by the increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations, growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data, and lower operational costs. However, stringent government rules and regulatory compliances may hinder the growth of the oil and gas cloud application market. Enterprise asset management segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period The oil and gas cloud application market by solution is segmented into Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), enterprise applications, Environmental, Health And Safety (EHS), security and, others (simulation and modeling, and operational analytics).The EAM segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period. The growth of this segment can be attributed to demand for high functioning assets and uninterrupted uptime in the oil and gas industry to drive the growth of EAM solutions. Upstream operations segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period The oil and gas cloud application market by operation has been segmented into upstream, midstream and downstream.The upstream segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, as it is working hard to leverage big data for gaining significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data. Hence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption for achieving cost efficiency at a rapid pace. Middle East and Africa to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period The MEA region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The growing focus of the oil and gas companies in the region to boost operational efficiency,reduce downtime, and offer safer operations are expected to drive the growth of the market in the region. In depth interviews were conducted with Chief Executive Officers (CEOs), innovation and technology directors, system integrators, and executives from various key organizations operating in the oil and gas cloud applications market. By Company: Tier I: 38%, Tier II: 42%, and Tier III: 20% By Designation: C Level Executives: 40%, Directors: 35%, and Others: 25% By Region: North America : 35%, APAC: 15%, Europe : 40%, RoW: 10% The report includes the study of the key players offering oil and gas cloud application solutions and services.The major vendors are IBM (US), Oracle (US), Microsoft (US), SAP ( Germany ), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Technologies (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum software (US). It further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the oil and gas cloud application market, along with their company profiles, business overviews, product offerings, recent developments, and market strategies. Research Coverage The market study covers the oil and gas cloud application market across segments.It aims at estimating the market size and the growth potential of this market, across segments, such as component, deployment mode, organization size, application, vertical, and region. The study further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the market, along with their company profiles, key observations related to product and business offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies. Key Benefits of Buying the Report The report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market with information on the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall oil and gas cloud application market and the subsegments.This report will help stakeholders understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights to position their businesses better and to plan suitable go to market strategies. The report further helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: sarah@reportbuyer.com Tel: +1 (718) 213 4904 Website: www.reportbuyer.com\nSOURCE ReportBuyer\nRelated Links http://www.reportbuyer.com", "URL": "https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-global-oil-and-gas-cloud-application-market-size-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-14-2-300952670.html"}, {"Title": "AWS vs. Azure and Google: An IoT cloud platform comparison", "Text": "Evaluate Weigh the pros and cons of technologies, products and projects you are considering. AWS vs. Azure and Google: An IoT cloud platform comparison Find out where the IoT platform market stands today. Dive into this comparison of capabilities from AWS, Microsoft Azure and Google, as well as cloud vs. industrial IoT. Share this item with your network: Alan R. Earls\nIt seems like everyone wants to get into the IoT business these days. The top three cloud vendors are no different, as they continue to use their market advantages to promote their offerings.\nAnd despite the similarities in the cloud providers' IoT services, there are substantial differences. For example, AWS, Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure differ in how they package IoT tools and work with partners. Furthermore, in some cases, an enterprise may find a newer or smaller competitor outside of the big three better fits its needs.\nIn this IoT cloud platform comparison, we'll provide an overview of what's available from the major providers and how the vendors' IoT platforms differ. We'll also help you weigh your options when it comes to cloud versus industrial IoT. AWS vs. Azure and Google\nWhile the three major cloud providers' IoT platforms are similar on the surface, each has its strengths, said Tom Petrocelli, a research fellow at Amalgam Insights. For example, Google Cloud Platform (GCP) has the best AI capability, and Azure works the best with Windows workloads.\nAs far as AWS, the platform offers good fundamentals that provide the building blocks for scalable, reliable and secure IoT applications, said Tolga Tarhan, CTO at Onica, an AWS consulting partner. Developers can let the AWS IoT platform handle the heavy lifting and focus on making their application or feature unique.\nIn particular, AWS IoT Core, an Amazon service focused on connectivity and ingestion, enables devices to connect securely to the cloud infrastructure and route messages.\nAs recently as 2018, some experts believed GCP trailed AWS and Azure in IoT capability. That year, Forrester Research produced a report on industrial IoT and cloud that examined a dozen or so providers, including AWS and Azure but not Google.\n\"We didn't feel that Google had a sufficiently rich set of capabilities in production, nor a sufficiently broad and deep set of reference deployments with paying customers,\" said Paul Miller, Forrester analyst. However, he added, Google has come a long way since then.\nNowadays, in terms of an IoT cloud platform comparison, there's significant overlap among AWS, Google and Azure, according to Jonathan Dexter, engineering practice director at The Nerdery, a digital business consultancy. For instance, Azure IoT Hub, AWS IoT Core and Google Cloud IoT Core all offer cloud and edge capabilities, as well as device management. The core components are often the same, though they're packaged differently, Dexter said.\nFor example, Azure offers IoT Central, an environment with a message queue, device management and event triggers within one platform. Similar features are available in GCP or AWS, but developers working on those platforms would need to build those features out themselves.\nLikewise, each cloud IoT environment offers its own analytics tools, both streaming and in place, along with visualization technologies. While Google offers Cloud Machine Learning and Data Studio, Azure offers Power BI and Streaming Analytics. IoT ease of use and functionality\nOrganizations will largely find it easier to use the cloud they're already familiar with, though there are differences in platform functionality. For example, Azure's IoT Central provides simplicity, but it's constrained in the problems it can solve, Dexter said.\n\"Each provider requires a different collection of edge, messaging, streaming analytics or business intelligence functionality, and making a from the ground up IoT platform requires knowledge of software development,\" he said.\nAzure has placed significant focus on packaging IoT platforms with a comprehensive set of partnerships. AWS IoT is a close second, but requires some aptitude with the AWS platform.\nGoogle is an up and coming IoT contender, Dexter said. It can use its machine learning expertise, featured in BigQuery and TensorFlow , to power and differentiate its IoT capabilities.\n\"TensorFlow and Azure IoT Edge both aim to target the requirement for edge computing with focuses on things like image recognition or contact signaling,\" Dexter said. AWS IoT Greengrass has a similar deployment model with Lambda@Edge, but with less direct platform focus on machine learning and analytics, he added. IoT cloud platform comparison: Beyond the big three\nIndustrial players such as ABB, Bosch, General Electric, Hitachi, Schneider and Siemens have recognized they cannot compete directly with the hyperscale cloud providers to build a global network of data centers, Forrester's Miller said. Instead, they've opted to run their industrial IoT platforms on top of the major public clouds.\nInitially, many of the industrial companies used these clouds for little more than hosting. But now, they're incorporating more of the public cloud IoT capabilities into their services as they seek to focus on unique capabilities they can offer, Miller said.\nFor example, these industrial vendors have expertise in how to connect and maintain physical IoT devices. They may also have private cloud or edge versions of their IoT software for when the public cloud isn't quite up to the job due to intermittent connectivity, bandwidth limitations or data territoriality concerns.\nCloud providers still have an advantage in analytics and machine learning. IoT platforms can't just be about connecting and managing IoT devices. They need to support workflows that extract insights from the data. Cloud providers often have a richer set of analytics and machine learning capabilities than the industrial companies. This was last published in April 2019 Dig Deeper on AWS tools for development", "URL": "https://searchaws.techtarget.com/feature/AWS-vs-Azure-and-Google-An-IoT-cloud-platform-comparison"}, {"Title": "HPE Showcases HPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack at Microsoft Ignite 2019!", "Text": "Mark your calendars! Microsoft is kicking off their annual Microsoft Ignite conference, November 4th 8th 2019 in Orlando, Florida at the Orange County Convention Center. At this conference, attendees can interact with experts from all different parts of the globe and see new innovations first hand. This technical conference brings 25,000 experts together specializing in IT, software development, security, and more!\nThis year, Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) will be present at booth #2549, demoing the latest and greatest HPE and Microsoft joint solutions. HPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack will be front and center, with experts from product management, HPE GreenLake, the HPE Microsoft Azure Stack Innovation Center, and more.\nHPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack is an integrated Microsoft Azure hybrid cloud solution that incorporates compute, storage, and networking, enabling users to run Azure services on premises. The HPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack solution increases agility, enhances innovation, and controls costs with the right mix of private and public cloud. The solution provides a comprehensive and simplified development, management, and security experience for enterprises.\nHPE will be presenting multiple in booth theater sessions with 3 sessions focused on the newest innovations from HPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack: 5 Reasons Why HPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack Won't Steer You Wrong!\nDescription: Are you already using Microsoft Azure public cloud but have certain applications that need to remain on prem? If so, HPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack is a great solution for you to consider! Avoid the \"gotchas\" and learn about the five primary reasons why organizations are turning to HPE for their Microsoft Azure Stack solution! Learn how HPE provides a broad choice in configuration options, hybrid cloud expertise, flexible consumption models, and more! Learn how to implement data protection, disaster recovery and high availability for your Microsoft Azure Stack solution!\nDescription : HPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack is leading the way in the market with unique differentiation and key partnerships. Do you want to learn how you can implement high availability, disaster recovery, and data protection for your deployment? HPE is working with major independent software vendors to validate solutions to help address these concerns across these key areas: data protection, high availability, and monitoring and optimization. Learn how you can implement validated solutions for HPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack in order to bolster the data protection, DR, and HA of your applications. HPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack for the industrial environment\nDescription: Increasing the efficiency and flexibility of core industrial operations requires digital solutions to process and analyze data close to where the work is done. But some industrial environments require rugged solutions. That's where hybrid cloud and HPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack can help. Join this session to learn how HPE, Microsoft, ABB, and Rittal are providing the HPE Secure Edge Data Center for HPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack to enable you to deploy hybrid cloud in your most harsh environments. The IP55 compliant solution provides complete enterprise class, data center functionality enabling Azure Stack deployments in manufacturing, industrial, and remote locations with the footprint of a standard IT rack.\nIf you are interested in learning more, join HPE at booth #2549 and connect with experts that can answer questions one on one and demonstrate how HPE ProLiant for Microsoft Azure Stack can improve your business.", "URL": "https://community.hpe.com/t5/Shifting-to-Software-Defined/HPE-Showcases-HPE-ProLiant-for-Microsoft-Azure-Stack-at/ba-p/7067234"}, {"Title": "HPE Announces New Intelligent Innovations at the Edge", "Text": "June 19, 2019 At Discover, HPE is making big bets on its Intelligent Edge strategy.\nHPE DISCOVER \u2014 Acknowledging that HPE introduced more innovation at this year's Discover event than any other, the vendor on Tuesday announced new IoT and edge products and programs that reflect the company's Intelligent Edge strategy.\nHPE introduced enhancements to Aruba Central; integrations and new turnkey edge to cloud solutions, and the Intelligent Edge and IoT Center of Excellence and Labs.\n\"Increasingly, your business outcomes will depend on the experiences you deliver at the edge,\" Antonio Neri, CEO at HPE told attendees at Tuesday's HPE Discover keynote. \"You will need the simplest connected experience that's also secure. That's why we're investing in transformative technologies to deliver at the intelligent edge.\"\nHere's more information on today's announcements: Major enhancements to Aruba Central, the only cloud based platform that unifies network management, AI powered analytics, user centric service assurance and security for wired, wireless and WAN at the edge. Integrations and new turnkey edge to cloud solutions, delivered with ABB, Microsoft and PTC, enabling real time intelligence and control in industrial environments. The Intelligent Edge and IoT Center of Excellence (CoE) and Labs, part of Hewlett Packard Labs, to develop and commercialize new capabilities and technologies that accelerate customers' and partners' Intelligent Edge journey.\nNeri called the edge the natural next step extension of the cloud experience.\n\"And, more enterprises are understanding how critical that intelligent edge is to their future because of the experiences being created,\" he said.\nHPE defines the intelligent edge as needing to be connected, distributed, secure and autonomous.\nKeerti Melkote, founder and president of Aruba, talked about the edge as emerging as the new center of the digital universe.\n\"We've taken a mobile first, cloud native and IoT driven approach to innovation at the edge,\" he said.\nThe heart of the company's edge strategy is Aruba Central, a cloud based, unified network and assurance platform with AI powered analytics. Advancements in Aruba Central include: Advanced AI powered analytics and assurance capabilities based on Aruba NetInsight and User Experience Insight to quickly resolve infrastructure problems. Software defined branch (SD branch) and SD WAN managed on Aruba Central have improved branch management and orchestration capabilities to centrally define business intent policies to meet operational costs. Aruba ClearPass Device Insight is integrated into Aruba Central to provide IoT visibility and security via a single pane of glass. New network management workflow enhancements accelerate device provisioning with an automated mobile app to deliver network health views and troubleshooting across locations.\nAruba solutions are available as GreenLake for Aruba.\nHPE is launching four turnkey, edge to cloud solutions that enable real time intelligence at the industrial edge in collaboration with industry partners.\nOne is the integration of ABB Ability Smart Sensor technology with Aruba access points is designed to deliver a scalable, high performance wireless connectivity solution for operational technology (OT) equipment such as motors, mounted bearings and pumps. This allows industrial companies to capture valuable data and insights from their equipment to proactively monitor their condition and performance, and plan maintenance in advance to avoid Page 1", "URL": "https://www.channelfutures.com/networking/hpe-announces-new-intelligent-innovations-at-the-edge"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "Oracle Corporation", "intensity": 3.0, "score": 34968, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets\u2122", "Text": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets [October 31, 2019] Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets \nCHICAGO , Oct. 31, 2019 /PRNewswire/ According to a new market research report \" Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by Component (Solutions (EAM, Enterprise Applications, EHS, and Security) and Services), Deployment Type (Private and Public Cloud), Operation (Upstream, Midstream, and Downstream), and Region Global Forecast to 2024\" , published by MarketsandMarkets , the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market size is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. Major factors fueling the market growth include the growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data and lower operational costs, and increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations.\nBrowse in depth TOC on \"Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market\"123 \u2013 Tables\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=246803500\nThe upstream operation segment to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market is segmented by operation into upstream, midstream, and downstream. The upstream sector is working hard to leverage big data to gain significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data. Hence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption at a rapid pace for achieving cost efficiency and increasing time to market.\nBy service, the training, support, and maintenance segment to grow at a higher highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by service is segmented into consulting and implementation services, and training, support, and maintenance services. The traning, support, and maintenance services segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period, as it helps oil and gas companies choose the most suitable cloud based solutions, depending on the requirements of their businesses and end users. Consulting services assist clients in maximizing their Return on Investment (RoI) by investing in suitable AI technologies.\nEurope to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nEurope is dominating the Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market, as it is the fourth largest producer of oil and gas and is already on its way to digital transformation. The oil and gas cloud applications industry in Europe is expected to witness high growth, owing to the presence of major vendors. These vendors either have a direct presence through corporate offices and Research and Development (R&D) centers or an indirect presence through sales and distribution channel partners.\nRequest for Sample Pages:\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsampleNew.asp?id=246803500\nMajor vendors in the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market include Microsoft (US), IBM (US), SAP ( Germany ), Oracle (US), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Solutions (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum Software (US).\nBrowse Adjacent Markets: Cloud Computing Market Research Reports & Consulting\nBrowse Related Report:\nCloud Applications Market by Type (Analytics, CRM, Finance and Accounting, Content management, Collaboration, eCommerce, HCM, ERP, PPM, Procurement and Distribution, Legal and Risk Management, Other Applications) \u2013 Global Forecast to 2019 https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud applications market 77759796.html\nAbout MarketsandMarkets \nMarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions.\nOur 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model \u2013 GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.\nMarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.\nContact:", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/10/31/9045146.htm"}, {"Title": "The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2%", "Text": "NEW YORK , Nov. 6, 2019 /PRNewswire/ The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2% during the forecast period\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nThe global oil and gas cloud application market size is projected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. The oil and gas cloud application industry is driven by the increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations, growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data, and lower operational costs. However, stringent government rules and regulatory compliances may hinder the growth of the oil and gas cloud application market.\nEnterprise asset management segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by solution is segmented into Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), enterprise applications, Environmental, Health And Safety (EHS), security and, others (simulation and modeling, and operational analytics).The EAM segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period.\nThe growth of this segment can be attributed to demand for high functioning assets and uninterrupted uptime in the oil and gas industry to drive the growth of EAM solutions.\nUpstream operations segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by operation has been segmented into upstream, midstream and downstream.The upstream segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, as it is working hard to leverage big data for gaining significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data.\nHence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption for achieving cost efficiency at a rapid pace.\nMiddle East and Africa to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe MEA region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The growing focus of the oil and gas companies in the region to boost operational efficiency,reduce downtime, and offer safer operations are expected to drive the growth of the market in the region.\nIn depth interviews were conducted with Chief Executive Officers (CEOs), innovation and technology directors, system integrators, and executives from various key organizations operating in the oil and gas cloud applications market.\n By Company: Tier I: 38%, Tier II: 42%, and Tier III: 20%\n By Designation: C Level Executives: 40%, Directors: 35%, and Others: 25%\n By Region: North America : 35%, APAC: 15%, Europe : 40%, RoW: 10%\nThe report includes the study of the key players offering oil and gas cloud application solutions and services.The major vendors are IBM (US), Oracle (US), Microsoft (US), SAP ( Germany ), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Technologies (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum software (US).\nIt further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the oil and gas cloud application market, along with their company profiles, business overviews, product offerings, recent developments, and market strategies.\nResearch Coverage\nThe market study covers the oil and gas cloud application market across segments.It aims at estimating the market size and the growth potential of this market, across segments, such as component, deployment mode, organization size, application, vertical, and region.\nThe study further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the market, along with their company profiles, key observations related to product and business offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies.\nKey Benefits of Buying the Report\nThe report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market with information on the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall oil and gas cloud application market and the subsegments.This report will help stakeholders understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights to position their businesses better and to plan suitable go to market strategies.\nThe report further helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities.\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nAbout Reportbuyer\nReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers\nFor more information:\nSarah Smith\nResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com\nEmail: sarah@reportbuyer.com\nTel: +1 (718) 213 4904\nWebsite: www.reportbuyer.com\n releases/the global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a cagr of 14 2 300952670.html\nSOURCE ReportBuyer", "URL": "http://business.wapakdailynews.com/wapakdailynews/news/read/39092997/the_global_oil_and_gas_cloud_application_market_size_to_grow_at_a_cagr_of_14.2"}, {"Title": "The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2%", "Text": "NEW YORK , Nov. 6, 2019 /PRNewswire/ The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2% during the forecast period\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nThe global oil and gas cloud application market size is projected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. The oil and gas cloud application industry is driven by the increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations, growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data, and lower operational costs. However, stringent government rules and regulatory compliances may hinder the growth of the oil and gas cloud application market.\nEnterprise asset management segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by solution is segmented into Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), enterprise applications, Environmental, Health And Safety (EHS), security and, others (simulation and modeling, and operational analytics).The EAM segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period.\nThe growth of this segment can be attributed to demand for high functioning assets and uninterrupted uptime in the oil and gas industry to drive the growth of EAM solutions.\nUpstream operations segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by operation has been segmented into upstream, midstream and downstream.The upstream segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, as it is working hard to leverage big data for gaining significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data.\nHence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption for achieving cost efficiency at a rapid pace.\nMiddle East and Africa to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe MEA region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The growing focus of the oil and gas companies in the region to boost operational efficiency,reduce downtime, and offer safer operations are expected to drive the growth of the market in the region.\nIn depth interviews were conducted with Chief Executive Officers (CEOs), innovation and technology directors, system integrators, and executives from various key organizations operating in the oil and gas cloud applications market.\n By Company: Tier I: 38%, Tier II: 42%, and Tier III: 20%\n By Designation: C Level Executives: 40%, Directors: 35%, and Others: 25%\n By Region: North America : 35%, APAC: 15%, Europe : 40%, RoW: 10%\nThe report includes the study of the key players offering oil and gas cloud application solutions and services.The major vendors are IBM (US), Oracle (US), Microsoft (US), SAP ( Germany ), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Technologies (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum software (US).\nIt further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the oil and gas cloud application market, along with their company profiles, business overviews, product offerings, recent developments, and market strategies.\nResearch Coverage\nThe market study covers the oil and gas cloud application market across segments.It aims at estimating the market size and the growth potential of this market, across segments, such as component, deployment mode, organization size, application, vertical, and region.\nThe study further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the market, along with their company profiles, key observations related to product and business offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies.\nKey Benefits of Buying the Report\nThe report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market with information on the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall oil and gas cloud application market and the subsegments.This report will help stakeholders understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights to position their businesses better and to plan suitable go to market strategies.\nThe report further helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities.\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nAbout Reportbuyer\nReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers\nFor more information:\nSarah Smith\nResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com\nEmail: sarah@reportbuyer.com\nTel: +1 (718) 213 4904\nWebsite: www.reportbuyer.com\nView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news releases/the global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a cagr of 14 2 300952670.html\nSOURCE ReportBuyer", "URL": "http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/the-global-oil-and-gas-cloud-application-market-size-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-14-2-1028664637"}, {"Title": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets", "Text": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets\nCHICAGO , Oct. 31, 2019 /PRNewswire/ According to a new market research report \" Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by Component (Solutions (EAM, Enterprise Applications, EHS, and Security) and Services), Deployment Type (Private and Public Cloud), Operation (Upstream, Midstream, and Downstream), and Region Global Forecast to 2024\" , published by MarketsandMarkets, the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market size is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. Major factors fueling the market growth include the growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data and lower operational costs, and increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations.\nBrowse in depth TOC on \"Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market\"123 Tables\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=246803500\nThe upstream operation segment to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market is segmented by operation into upstream, midstream, and downstream. The upstream sector is working hard to leverage big data to gain significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data. Hence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption at a rapid pace for achieving cost efficiency and increasing time to market.\nBy service, the training, support, and maintenance segment to grow at a higher highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by service is segmented into consulting and implementation services, and training, support, and maintenance services. The training, support, and maintenance services segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period, as it helps oil and gas companies choose the most suitable cloud based solutions, depending on the requirements of their businesses and end users. Consulting services assist clients in maximizing their Return on Investment (RoI) by investing in suitable AI technologies.\nEurope to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nEurope is dominating the Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market, as it is the fourth largest producer of oil and gas and is already on its way to digital transformation. The oil and gas cloud applications industry in Europe is expected to witness high growth, owing to the presence of major vendors. These vendors either have a direct presence through corporate offices and Research and Development (R&D) centers or an indirect presence through sales and distribution channel partners.\nRequest for Sample Pages:\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsampleNew.asp?id=246803500\nMajor vendors in the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market include Microsoft (US), IBM (US), SAP ( Germany ), Oracle (US), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Solutions (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum Software (US).\nBrowse Adjacent Markets: Cloud Computing Market Research Reports & Consulting\nBrowse Related Report:\nCloud Applications Market by Type (Analytics, CRM, Finance and Accounting, Content management, Collaboration, eCommerce, HCM, ERP, PPM, Procurement and Distribution, Legal and Risk Management, Other Applications) Global Forecast to 2019https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud applications market 77759796.html\nAbout MarketsandMarkets\nMarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions.\nOur 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.\nMarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.\nContact:", "URL": "https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2019-10/48055829-oil-and-gas-cloud-applications-market-worth-dollar-9-4-billion-by-2024-exclusive-report-by-marketsandmarkets-008.htm"}, {"Title": "The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2%", "Text": "NEW YORK , Nov. 6, The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2% during the forecast period\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nThe global oil and gas cloud application market size is projected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. The oil and gas cloud application industry is driven by the increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations, growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data, and lower operational costs. However, stringent government rules and regulatory compliances may hinder the growth of the oil and gas cloud application market. Enterprise asset management segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period The oil and gas cloud application market by solution is segmented into Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), enterprise applications, Environmental, Health And Safety (EHS), security and, others (simulation and modeling, and operational analytics).The EAM segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period. The growth of this segment can be attributed to demand for high functioning assets and uninterrupted uptime in the oil and gas industry to drive the growth of EAM solutions. Upstream operations segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period The oil and gas cloud application market by operation has been segmented into upstream, midstream and downstream.The upstream segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, as it is working hard to leverage big data for gaining significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data. Hence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption for achieving cost efficiency at a rapid pace. Middle East and Africa to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period The MEA region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The growing focus of the oil and gas companies in the region to boost operational efficiency,reduce downtime, and offer safer operations are expected to drive the growth of the market in the region. In depth interviews were conducted with Chief Executive Officers (CEOs), innovation and technology directors, system integrators, and executives from various key organizations operating in the oil and gas cloud applications market. By Company: Tier I: 38%, Tier II: 42%, and Tier III: 20% By Designation: C Level Executives: 40%, Directors: 35%, and Others: 25% By Region: North America : 35%, APAC: 15%, Europe : 40%, RoW: 10% The report includes the study of the key players offering oil and gas cloud application solutions and services.The major vendors are IBM (US), Oracle (US), Microsoft (US), SAP ( Germany ), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Technologies (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum software (US). It further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the oil and gas cloud application market, along with their company profiles, business overviews, product offerings, recent developments, and market strategies. Research Coverage The market study covers the oil and gas cloud application market across segments.It aims at estimating the market size and the growth potential of this market, across segments, such as component, deployment mode, organization size, application, vertical, and region. The study further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the market, along with their company profiles, key observations related to product and business offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies. Key Benefits of Buying the Report The report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market with information on the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall oil and gas cloud application market and the subsegments.This report will help stakeholders understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights to position their businesses better and to plan suitable go to market strategies. The report further helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: sarah@reportbuyer.com Tel: +1 (718) 213 4904 Website: www.reportbuyer.com\nSOURCE ReportBuyer\nRelated Links http://www.reportbuyer.com", "URL": "https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-global-oil-and-gas-cloud-application-market-size-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-14-2-300952670.html"}, {"Title": "Carrefour, Uber, Hugo Boss, Airbus and Merck among the speakers at the 2019 IoTSWC - IoT Now - How to run an IoT enabled business", "Text": "The full programme of the IoT Solutions World Congress (IoTSWC) is now available. The event organised by Fira de Barcelona in collaboration with the Industrial Internet Consortium (IIC) will present the experiences of companies using IoT, AI and blockchain solutions, such as Carrefour, Uber, Airbus, Hugo Boss, SNCF R\u00e9seau, Maersk GTD, Merck and Daimler Motors, among others. The executives of technology firms from companies such as Dell, Ericsson, ABB, Google Cloud , Huawei, IBM, Microsoft, SAS, Thingstream AG and Wipro will also participate in the event, as well as renowned analysts, who shall analyse the current state of the digitalisation of industries and the new challenges to be faced.\nThe 2019 IoTSWC will be held from 29th to 31st October at Fira de Barcelona's Gran Via venue and it will focus on nine core themes: technologies facilitating IoT, connected transport; manufacturing; energy and supplies; the health sector; construction and infrastructures; artificial intelligence and blockchain. There will be 200 sessions, including talks, round table discussions and presentations, and more than 400 speakers are expected to participate.\nThe Congress will focus mainly on the best practices and success stories of companies that have implemented IoT, artificial intelligence and blockchain achieving significant competitive advantages to inspire attendees and help identify trends.\nThis is the case of UBER, which will explain how the IoT helps minimise costs when deploying fleets of electric vehicles; or Daimler Motors, which will tackle the IoT revolution in the automotive industry; Carrefour, a pioneer in introducing blockchain technology to learn about the traceability of the food it sells in its establishments; or Airbus, with a blockchain based project to track programmed drone routes and guarantee airspace safety.\nThe French public railway company (SNCF) will present the results obtained after applying predictive maintenance via IoT on its 30,000 km of track, 15,000 trains and 3,000 stations. Fashion firm Hugo Boss will explain how artificial intelligence and automatic learning are changing their production systems, market access and retail sales opportunities. Along with Sainsbury's, a British retailer which applies IoT systems to control the temperature of food.\nBrussels Airport will present its strategies for making passenger travel \"smart\" and \"seamless\" from their arrival at the airport, boarding the plane, crossing the border, collecting luggage to arriving home. The experience of the cities of Kuwait and Doha that have implemented a real time IoT monitoring network to monitor air quality and protect citizens will also be presented.\nThere will also be a 5.0 solution for public toilets in commercial areas, transport centres or service stations, promoted by Roca, which collects key data for improving operations, maintenance, cleaning, water management and client satisfaction. In addition, time will be devoted to analysing the healthcare revolution via IoT, with the examples of the UCSF Health hospital consortium in California and the Radboudumc hospital consortium in the Netherlands. In addition, the results of the Vall d'Hebron Hospital programme, which is monitoring the stress of caregivers of children with neurological disorders through the use of physiological sensors, and the Sanitas Hospital at Home service, which provides safe, high quality and hospital type care to patients in the comfort of their own homes, will be presented through a health platform connected to the IoT.\nFor its part, Legal Aid Ontario corporation responsible for administering the legal aid programme in that Canadian province will present its case for digitalisation and use of blockchain solutions. Along the same lines, Maersk will announce concrete achievements in the use of blockchain in the maritime transport industry and the cost savings it represents.\nThe 2019 IoTSWC will analyse the implementation status of artificial intelligence and automatic learning technologies for process improvement. It will also address issues related to standardisation, as well as ethical aspects and social responsibilities that arise at the beginning of the era of smart machines. In this regard, it will also address the relationship and role of people and machines in Industry 4.0 to improve safety, productivity and processes.\nIn addition, IoT enabling technologies will be discussed from the experiences contributed by companies from different industrial sectors. Special attention will be given to the potential provided by \"Digital Twins\", one of the main strategic trends in the industrial IoT. Also noteworthy will be the talk given by Joe Barkai, author of The Outcome Economy: How the Industrial Internet of Things is Transforming Every Business, who will reflect on the development of artificial intelligence.\nLeading companies\nAt the same time, executives from global companies providing solutions to digitise all types of industries will participate. The list of speakers includes: K. Eric Harper, Zoya Alexeeva and Bernd Heistercamp (ABB); Teresa Tung and Edy Liongosari (Accenture Labs); Dirk Slama (Bosch Software Innovations); Said Tabet (Dell); Jake Gostylo (Dun & Bradstreet); Shannon Lucas (Ericsson); Garret Miller (GE Current), Jennifer Bennett (Google Cloud); Beverly Rider, Ramachander and Jim Donaldson (Hitachi); Maria Schwenger and Scott Bracken (Honeywell); Wael William Diab (Huawei); Juan Jos\u00e9 Ruiz (IBM), Chris Pendleton, Rimes Mortimer, Clemens Vasters and Ron Zahavi (Microsoft); Shyam Varan Nath (Oracle Corporation); Brad Klenz, Mark Wolff and Gul Edge (SAS); Charles Paumelle (Thales Group), Madhusudan Pai, Josh Ridley, Calvin Smith and Jayraj Nair (Wipro); Philipp Bolliger (Thingstream AG); Stephen Laaper, Helena Lisachuk and Mark Cotteleer (Deloitte) and Ulrich Ahle (Fiware).\nAbout IoTSWC\nThe IoT Solutions World Congress (IoTSWC) is the largest event in the world specialising in the industrial application of the Internet of Things and the only one that combines a commercial exhibition with top level knowledge, testbeds and professional networking. It is organised by Fira de Barcelona in collaboration with the Industrial Internet Consortium. The upcoming congress is expected to bring together 400 exhibiting companies and more than 400 speakers from all over the world, as well as exceeding last year's attendance of 16,000 visitors from over 120 countries.", "URL": "https://www.iot-now.com/2019/09/26/99016-carrefour-uber-hugo-boss-airbus-merck-among-speakers-2019-iotswc/"}, {"Title": "Utilities opt to use cloud-based analytics, despite lack of monetary incentives", "Text": "By Jill Feblowitz May 1, 2019 No Comments\nIt's been over two and a half years since NARUC passed a resolution encouraging state public utility commissions to \"consider whether cloud computing and on premise solutions should receive similar regulatory accounting treatment, in that both would be eligible to earn a rate of return and would be paid for out of a utility's capital budget.\"\nRegardless, investor owned utilities (IOUs) are still wary adopters of cloud services. Cost recovery and guaranteed rate of return for capital expenditures make capital investments more attractive than operating expenses\u2014for the most part, this has always been the case. A cloud based subscription service is treated as an operating expense [1] in most cases. There is some movement, though. Recently, the Illinois Commerce Commission, made progress on proceedings to allow utilities to pre pay for cloud services, amortize costs and derive earnings as a typical asset. Earnings on top of pay as you go were also approved, although that option doesn't have the same level of benefits as pre paid (see Making Cloud Computing and Other Services Pay for Utilities and Customers.)\nWhat this means for cloud analytics: There are less than a handful of states that are addressing cloud services for IOUs. Despite the lack of monetary incentives, utilities are adopting analytics in the cloud. A quick review of UAI membership shows at least 10 major IOUs adopting cloud based solutions at scale to address areas such as asset management, water quality, unaccounted for energy, and customer engagement. This does not include utilities that store data on the cloud but use on premise analytics. (See PG&E's Agile Asset Analytics Teamwork ). The reasons: Access to greater computing capacity; quick set up, especially for Agile teams; lower cost; lower risk of obsolescence; and access to equipment data and models (as in manufacturing companies analytics platforms). Security doesn't seem to be an issue for cloud analytics either. Since cloud analytics are advisory\u2014not control\u2014systems they may pass NERC CIP protected information standards. Analytics platforms are becoming more popular with utilities. Many platform vendors (Microsoft Azure, Cloudera, AWS, etc.) host data and may offer generic data science tools as well (Python, SAS, SPSS, Apache Spark, etc.). Other platforms layer on utility specific industry models to the mix (C3, Predix, ABB's Ellipse APM). Cloud native analytics vendors (eSmart Systems, First Fuel) combine artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) with industry domain expertise and models (for example, asset health and risk models, energy efficiency) in partnership with platform vendors. These solutions are making strides in advancing the adoption curve for AI and ML. In the future, there might not be a lot of alternatives. Cloud applications are de rigueur for traditional enterprise software providers serving the utility industry (SAS, Oracle).\nJill Feblowitz is President of Feblowitz Energy Consulting, where she helps companies in the energy ecosystem with innovation. Ms. Feblowitz has over 30 years in the business, starting with watts (as an electrician) and moving to MW (as a consultant and IT analyst), providing advice on business, regulation, and technology. She has a historical perspective as well as a keen sense of industry game changers \u2013 renewables, distributed energy resources, storage, EVs, smart grid and information/control technologies (Big Data, analytics, edge computing, AI/machine learning, robotics, and more). During her long work history, she has learned how critical analytics are to industry performance.\n[1] This treatment does not apply to municipals. Munis are driven to lower their costs, thus cloud services are attractive.", "URL": "https://utilityanalytics.com/2019/05/utilities-opt-to-use-cloud-based-analytics-despite-lack-of-monetary-incentives/"}, {"Title": "Enterprise Asset Management Software Market is Booming with Market Strategies Adopted by Top Key Players \u2013 Oracle, SAP SE, IBM, ABB, Schneider Electric, Infor | Global Forecast Till 2023", "Text": "Search for: Sep 11 Enterprise Asset Management Software Market is Booming with Market Strategies Adopted by Top Key Players \u2013 Oracle, SAP SE, IBM, ABB, Schneider Electric, Infor | Global Forecast Till 2023 Tech News\nThis report provides in depth study of \"Enterprise Asset Management Software Market\" using SWOT analysis i.e. Strength, Weakness, Opportunities and Threat to the organization. The Enterprise Asset Management Software Market report also provides an in depth survey of key players in the market organization.\nGlobal Enterprise Asset Management Software Market Synopsis:\nThis report studies the Enterprise Asset Management Software Market over the forecast period of 2019 to 2023. The Enterprise Asset Management Software Market is expected to grow at an impressive Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) from 2019 to 2023.\nGet Sample Study Papers of \"Global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market\" @ request/43620.\nThe Global \"Enterprise Asset Management Software Market\" research 2019 highlights the major details and provides in depth analysis of the market along with the future growth, prospects and Industry demands analysis explores with the help of complete report with 90 Pages, figures, graphs and table of contents to analyze the situations of global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market and Assessment to 2023.\nEnterprise Asset Management Software Market report begins from overview of Industry Chain structure, and describes industry environment, then analyses market size and forecast of Enterprise Asset Management Software Market by product, region and application, in addition, this report introduces market competition situation among the vendors and company profile, besides, market price analysis and value chain features are covered in this report. The scope of the report includes a detailed study of Enterprise Asset Management Software Market with the reasons given for variations in the growth of the industry in certain regions.\nEAM, or enterprise asset management software, provides a holistic view of an organization's physical assets and infrastructure throughout their entire lifecycle, from design, commission, or procurement, through to operation, maintenance, disposal, and replacement.\nThere are numerous drivers, restraints and opportunities that are shaping the future of this industry. The growing need for increasing the lifecycle performance of assets indicates that the future of enterprise asset management market is bright. On the other hand, with companies getting more dependent on physical infrastructure, which is capable enough to integrate process as well as information throughout asset lifecycle is highly responsible for driving the market. Advent of cloud deployment model and Big Data integration with enterprise asset management are likely to create business opportunities.\nEnterprise Asset Management Software Market Covers the Table of Contents With Segments, Key Players And Region. Based on Product Type, Enterprise Asset Management Software Linear Assets, Non Linear Assets, Field Service Management (FSM), Assets Maintenance, Repair, and Operations (MRO). On the Basis of Application, Government, Oil and Gas, Healthcare, Transportation and Logistics, Manufacturing, Energy and Utilities, Others.\nMajor Players profiled in the Enterprise Asset Management Software Market report incorporate: IFS AB, Oracle Corporation, SAP SE, International Business Machines Corporation, ABB, CGI Group, Schneider Electric, Infor, Vesta Partners, Emaint, Ramco Systems, Dude Solutions\nIndustry News:\nInfor, a leading provider of industry specific cloud applications, today announced significant enhancements to Infor Enterprise Asset Management (EAM). Designed to help improve asset performance, Infor EAM is a 21st century enterprise asset management solution with rich built in industry specific functionality that uses predictive and preventive technologies to extend asset life and increase efficiency. Infor EAM is a scalable solution that is accessible on any mobile device, can be deployed in the cloud, on premise, or as a hybrid, and is built on modern architecture.\nThe latest iteration has added many important features, including for recording and sending data and added support features.\n\"As organizations continue to realize the importance of preventive and predictive asset management, it becomes more critical that we continue to listen to the feedback from our customers and incorporate that into our product updates and enhancements. This release is a result of continued collaboration between Infor and industry leading customers,\" said Kevin Price, technical product evangelist and product strategist, Infor. \"Available both in the cloud and on premise, Infor EAM 11.4 introduces several new capabilities, and delivers updates to existing capabilities, in order to better support the maintenance requirements and various needs of users across industries.\"\nRequest a Discount on standard prices of this premium report @ discount/43620.\nRegion segment: This report is segmented into several key regions, with sales, revenue, market share (%) and growth Rate (%) of Enterprise Asset Management Software in these regions, from 2014 to 2023 (forecast), covering: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa and South America.\nEnterprise Asset Management Software Market Questions Answered in this Report:\n1 What are the major market drivers, challenges, and opportunities in the global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market?\n2 What was the market value of the leading segments and sub segments of the global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market in 2018?\n3 How will each segment of the global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market grow during the forecast period and what will be the revenue generated by each of the segments by the end of 2023?\n4 What are the influencing factors that may affect the market share of the key players?\n5 How will the industry evolve during the forecast period 2019 2023?\n6 Who are the key players in the Enterprise Asset Management Software Market and end user market and what are their contributions?\nMajor Points in Table of Contents:\nTable of Contents\nGlobal Enterprise Asset Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2023\n1 Industry Overview of Enterprise Asset Management Software\n2 Global Enterprise Asset Management Software Competition Analysis by Players\n3 Company (Top Players) Profiles\n4 Global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market Size by Type and Application (2013 2019)\n5 United States Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n6 EU Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n7 Japan Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n8 China Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n9 India Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n10 Southeast Asia Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n11 Market Forecast by Regions, Type and Application (2019 2023)\n12 Enterprise Asset Management Software Market Dynamics\n13 Market Effect Factors Analysis\n14 Research Finding/Conclusion\n15 Appendix", "URL": "https://thewindreports.com/enterprise-asset-management-software-market-is-booming-with-market-strategies-adopted-by-top-key-players-oracle-sap-se-ibm-abb-schneider-electric-infor-global-forecast-till-2023/130766/"}, {"Title": "Microsoft Earns Top Marks in Industrial IoT News - SDxCentral", "Text": "Hacker News Subscribe\nMicrosoft, C3.ai, PTC, and Siemens are leading the industrial IoT (IIoT) market with analytic services to enhance connectivity that enterprises can use with actionable intent, according to new research from Forrester.\nThe firm evaluated industrial IoT software platform providers based on 24 criteria and concluded those four companies offer pre packaged applications that support comprehensive integration capabilities with services that extend greater value to enterprises. Forrester ranked IBM, Software AG, Hitachi, SAP, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Oracle, and GE Digital as \"strong performers,\" followed by Samsung, ABB, and Bosch as \"contenders.\"\n\"While the physical products certainly endure, the companies that built them must change to survive, investing in digital and baking it deeply into everything they do,\" the report notes. \"IoT is core to industrial companies' efforts to bridge the divide between the physical and virtual.\"\nForrester advises enterprises to be deliberate when considering IoT software providers, and encourages organizations to seek out companies that support deployment models from edge to cloud, comprehensive business integration levers, and analytics with actionable intelligence. IoT Table Stakes Are Insufficient\n\"The ability to identify, manage, secure, extract data from, and send commands to large fleets of connected devices is table stakes,\" the report states. \"On their own, these capabilities are insufficient to support the needs of the modern industrial enterprise.\"\nOn the analytics front, Forrester warns that \"many business analysts lack the expertise and tools to evaluation industrial IoT data and translate it into actionable insight. Diverse arrays of data in the cloud , at the edge, and captured from digital twin models require data filtering and streaming analytics to effectively assess and monitor data.\"\nThe industrial IoT space is a massive market and Forrester admits that its latest assessment doesn't represent the entire vendor landscape. Nonetheless, the Microsoft Azure IoT platform earned Forrester's highest marks for its strategy and offering. Microsoft Rapidly Adding Industrial IoT Features\n\"Microsoft's Azure public cloud infrastructure underpins many of the industrial IoT software platforms we considered,\" the report explains. \"Prospective customers see a broad range of increasingly capable solutions but are sometimes bewildered when faced with choosing between assembling Microsoft's building blocks on their own or paying a third party for a solution that has already done that work and added domain specific value.\"\nThe firm also lauded Microsoft for adding features to its IoT platform at an \"impressive rate\" with richer edge capabilities in Azure IoT Edge and simplified application and device onboarding offered by Azure IoT Central. Microsoft does, however, continue to favor products and services from its own portfolio and, as such, \"offers a powerful proposition for those with existing investments in the Azure cloud,\" according to Forrester.\nC3.ai earned high marks for tightly integrating its platform with all major public cloud providers with what it describes as some of the largest IoT deployments in oil and gas, utilities, and defense. PTC was commended for combining IoT with augmented reality and designing its ThingWorx platform to work equally well in the cloud or deployed at the edge. Finally, Siemens earned its spot among the leaders for positioning its MindSphere platform as an open offering for industrial applications with a growing catalog of third party applications.\nForrester based its evaluation on each vendor's current offering, strategy, and market presence. Criteria included connectivity, deployment and security , management console, application enablement functions, analytics, data, partner strategy, innovation roadmaps, platform differentiation, and delivery model. Related Content", "URL": "https://www.sdxcentral.com/articles/news/microsoft-earns-top-marks-in-industrial-iot/2019/11/"}, {"Title": "IoT Solutions World Congress (IoTSWC) | full programme now available.", "Text": "IoT Solutions World Congress (IoTSWC) | full programme now available. Carrefour, Uber, Hugo Boss, Airbus and Merck among the speakers at the 2019 IoTSWC 30.07.2019 IoT Solutions World Congress | 29 31 October in Barcelona The full programme of the IoT Solutions World Congress (IoTSWC) is now available. The event organised by Fira de Barcelona in collaboration with the Industrial Internet Consortium (IIC) will present the experiences of companies using IoT, AI and blockchain solutions, such as Carrefour, Uber, Airbus, Hugo Boss, SNCF R\u00e9seau, Maersk GTD, Merck and Daimler Motors, among others. The executives of technology firms from companies such as Dell, Ericsson, ABB, Google Cloud , Huawei, IBM, Microsoft, SAS, Thingstream AG and Wipro will also participate in the event, as well as renowned analysts, who shall analyse the current state of the digitalisation of industries and the new challenges to be faced.\nThe 2019 IoTSWC will be held from 29th to 31st October at Fira de Barcelona's Gran Via venue and it will focus on nine core themes: technologies facilitating IoT, connected transport; manufacturing; energy and supplies; the health sector; construction and infrastructures; artificial intelligence and blockchain. There will be 200 sessions, including talks, round table discussions and presentations, and more than 400 speakers are expected to participate.\nThe Congress will focus mainly on the best practices and success stories of companies that have implemented IoT, artificial intelligence and blockchain achieving significant competitive advantages to inspire attendees and help identify trends.\nThis is the case of UBER, which will explain how the IoT helps minimise costs when deploying fleets of electric vehicles; or Daimler Motors, which will tackle the IoT revolution in the automotive industry; Carrefour, a pioneer in introducing blockchain technology to learn about the traceability of the food it sells in its establishments; or Airbus, with a blockchain based project to track programmed drone routes and guarantee airspace safety.\nThe French public railway company (SNCF) will present the results obtained after applying predictive maintenance via IoT on its 30,000 km of track, 15,000 trains and 3,000 stations. Fashion firm Hugo Boss will explain how artificial intelligence and automatic learning are changing their production systems, market access and retail sales opportunities. Along with Sainsbury's, a British retailer which applies IoT systems to control the temperature of food.\nBrussels Airport will present its strategies for making passenger travel \"smart\" and \"seamless\" from their arrival at the airport, boarding the plane, crossing the border, collecting luggage to arriving home. The experience of the cities of Kuwait and Doha that have implemented a real time IoT monitoring network to monitor air quality and protect citizens will also be presented.\nThere will also be a 5.0 solution for public toilets in commercial areas, transport centres or service stations, promoted by Roca, which collects key data for improving operations, maintenance, cleaning, water management and client satisfaction. In addition, time will be devoted to analysing the healthcare revolution via IoT, with the examples of the UCSF Health hospital consortium in California and the Radboudumc hospital consortium in the Netherlands. In addition, the results of the Vall d'Hebron Hospital programme, which is monitoring the stress of caregivers of children with neurological disorders through the use of physiological sensors, and the Sanitas Hospital at Home service, which provides safe, high quality and hospital type care to patients in the comfort of their own homes, will be presented through a health platform connected to the IoT.\nFor its part, Legal Aid Ontario corporation responsible for administering the legal aid programme in that Canadian province will present its case for digitalisation and use of blockchain solutions. Along the same lines, Maersk will announce concrete achievements in the use of blockchain in the maritime transport industry and the cost savings it represents.\nThe 2019 IoTSWC will analyse the implementation status of artificial intelligence and automatic learning technologies for process improvement. It will also address issues related to standardisation, as well as ethical aspects and social responsibilities that arise at the beginning of the era of smart machines. In this regard, it will also address the relationship and role of people and machines in Industry 4.0 to improve safety, productivity and processes.\nIn addition, IoT enabling technologies will be discussed from the experiences contributed by companies from different industrial sectors. Special attention will be given to the potential provided by \"Digital Twins\", one of the main strategic trends in the industrial IoT. Also noteworthy will be the talk given by Joe Barkai, author of The Outcome Economy: How the Industrial Internet of Things is Transforming Every Business, who will reflect on the development of artificial intelligence. Leading companies\nAt the same time, executives from global companies providing solutions to digitise all types of industries will participate. The list of speakers includes: K. Eric Harper, Zoya Alexeeva and Bernd Heistercamp (ABB); Teresa Tung and Edy Liongosari (Accenture Labs); Dirk Slama (Bosch Software Innovations); Said Tabet (Dell); Jake Gostylo (Dun & Bradstreet); Shannon Lucas (Ericsson); Garret Miller (GE Current), Jennifer Bennett (Google Cloud); Beverly Rider, Ramachander and Jim Donaldson (Hitachi); Maria Schwenger and Scott Bracken (Honeywell); Wael William Diab (Huawei); Juan Jos\u00e9 Ruiz (IBM), Chris Pendleton, Rimes Mortimer, Clemens Vasters and Ron Zahavi (Microsoft); Shyam Varan Nath (Oracle Corporation); Brad Klenz, Mark Wolff and Gul Edge (SAS); Charles Paumelle (Thales Group), Madhusudan Pai, Josh Ridley, Calvin Smith and Jayraj Nair (Wipro); Philipp Bolliger (Thingstream AG); Stephen Laaper, Helena Lisachuk and Mark Cotteleer (Deloitte) and Ulrich Ahle (Fiware).", "URL": "https://www.technik-medien.at/2019/07/30/iot-solutions-world-congress-iotswc-full-programme-now-available/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "Oracle Corporation", "intensity": 39.0, "score": 34968, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets\u2122", "Text": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets [October 31, 2019] Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets \nCHICAGO , Oct. 31, 2019 /PRNewswire/ According to a new market research report \" Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by Component (Solutions (EAM, Enterprise Applications, EHS, and Security) and Services), Deployment Type (Private and Public Cloud), Operation (Upstream, Midstream, and Downstream), and Region Global Forecast to 2024\" , published by MarketsandMarkets , the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market size is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. Major factors fueling the market growth include the growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data and lower operational costs, and increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations.\nBrowse in depth TOC on \"Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market\"123 \u2013 Tables\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=246803500\nThe upstream operation segment to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market is segmented by operation into upstream, midstream, and downstream. The upstream sector is working hard to leverage big data to gain significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data. Hence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption at a rapid pace for achieving cost efficiency and increasing time to market.\nBy service, the training, support, and maintenance segment to grow at a higher highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by service is segmented into consulting and implementation services, and training, support, and maintenance services. The traning, support, and maintenance services segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period, as it helps oil and gas companies choose the most suitable cloud based solutions, depending on the requirements of their businesses and end users. Consulting services assist clients in maximizing their Return on Investment (RoI) by investing in suitable AI technologies.\nEurope to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nEurope is dominating the Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market, as it is the fourth largest producer of oil and gas and is already on its way to digital transformation. The oil and gas cloud applications industry in Europe is expected to witness high growth, owing to the presence of major vendors. These vendors either have a direct presence through corporate offices and Research and Development (R&D) centers or an indirect presence through sales and distribution channel partners.\nRequest for Sample Pages:\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsampleNew.asp?id=246803500\nMajor vendors in the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market include Microsoft (US), IBM (US), SAP ( Germany ), Oracle (US), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Solutions (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum Software (US).\nBrowse Adjacent Markets: Cloud Computing Market Research Reports & Consulting\nBrowse Related Report:\nCloud Applications Market by Type (Analytics, CRM, Finance and Accounting, Content management, Collaboration, eCommerce, HCM, ERP, PPM, Procurement and Distribution, Legal and Risk Management, Other Applications) \u2013 Global Forecast to 2019 https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud applications market 77759796.html\nAbout MarketsandMarkets \nMarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions.\nOur 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model \u2013 GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.\nMarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.\nContact:", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/10/31/9045146.htm"}, {"Title": "The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2%", "Text": "NEW YORK , Nov. 6, 2019 /PRNewswire/ The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2% during the forecast period\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nThe global oil and gas cloud application market size is projected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. The oil and gas cloud application industry is driven by the increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations, growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data, and lower operational costs. However, stringent government rules and regulatory compliances may hinder the growth of the oil and gas cloud application market.\nEnterprise asset management segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by solution is segmented into Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), enterprise applications, Environmental, Health And Safety (EHS), security and, others (simulation and modeling, and operational analytics).The EAM segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period.\nThe growth of this segment can be attributed to demand for high functioning assets and uninterrupted uptime in the oil and gas industry to drive the growth of EAM solutions.\nUpstream operations segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by operation has been segmented into upstream, midstream and downstream.The upstream segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, as it is working hard to leverage big data for gaining significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data.\nHence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption for achieving cost efficiency at a rapid pace.\nMiddle East and Africa to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe MEA region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The growing focus of the oil and gas companies in the region to boost operational efficiency,reduce downtime, and offer safer operations are expected to drive the growth of the market in the region.\nIn depth interviews were conducted with Chief Executive Officers (CEOs), innovation and technology directors, system integrators, and executives from various key organizations operating in the oil and gas cloud applications market.\n By Company: Tier I: 38%, Tier II: 42%, and Tier III: 20%\n By Designation: C Level Executives: 40%, Directors: 35%, and Others: 25%\n By Region: North America : 35%, APAC: 15%, Europe : 40%, RoW: 10%\nThe report includes the study of the key players offering oil and gas cloud application solutions and services.The major vendors are IBM (US), Oracle (US), Microsoft (US), SAP ( Germany ), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Technologies (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum software (US).\nIt further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the oil and gas cloud application market, along with their company profiles, business overviews, product offerings, recent developments, and market strategies.\nResearch Coverage\nThe market study covers the oil and gas cloud application market across segments.It aims at estimating the market size and the growth potential of this market, across segments, such as component, deployment mode, organization size, application, vertical, and region.\nThe study further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the market, along with their company profiles, key observations related to product and business offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies.\nKey Benefits of Buying the Report\nThe report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market with information on the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall oil and gas cloud application market and the subsegments.This report will help stakeholders understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights to position their businesses better and to plan suitable go to market strategies.\nThe report further helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities.\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nAbout Reportbuyer\nReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers\nFor more information:\nSarah Smith\nResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com\nEmail: sarah@reportbuyer.com\nTel: +1 (718) 213 4904\nWebsite: www.reportbuyer.com\n releases/the global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a cagr of 14 2 300952670.html\nSOURCE ReportBuyer", "URL": "http://business.wapakdailynews.com/wapakdailynews/news/read/39092997/the_global_oil_and_gas_cloud_application_market_size_to_grow_at_a_cagr_of_14.2"}, {"Title": "The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2%", "Text": "NEW YORK , Nov. 6, 2019 /PRNewswire/ The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2% during the forecast period\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nThe global oil and gas cloud application market size is projected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. The oil and gas cloud application industry is driven by the increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations, growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data, and lower operational costs. However, stringent government rules and regulatory compliances may hinder the growth of the oil and gas cloud application market.\nEnterprise asset management segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by solution is segmented into Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), enterprise applications, Environmental, Health And Safety (EHS), security and, others (simulation and modeling, and operational analytics).The EAM segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period.\nThe growth of this segment can be attributed to demand for high functioning assets and uninterrupted uptime in the oil and gas industry to drive the growth of EAM solutions.\nUpstream operations segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by operation has been segmented into upstream, midstream and downstream.The upstream segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, as it is working hard to leverage big data for gaining significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data.\nHence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption for achieving cost efficiency at a rapid pace.\nMiddle East and Africa to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe MEA region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The growing focus of the oil and gas companies in the region to boost operational efficiency,reduce downtime, and offer safer operations are expected to drive the growth of the market in the region.\nIn depth interviews were conducted with Chief Executive Officers (CEOs), innovation and technology directors, system integrators, and executives from various key organizations operating in the oil and gas cloud applications market.\n By Company: Tier I: 38%, Tier II: 42%, and Tier III: 20%\n By Designation: C Level Executives: 40%, Directors: 35%, and Others: 25%\n By Region: North America : 35%, APAC: 15%, Europe : 40%, RoW: 10%\nThe report includes the study of the key players offering oil and gas cloud application solutions and services.The major vendors are IBM (US), Oracle (US), Microsoft (US), SAP ( Germany ), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Technologies (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum software (US).\nIt further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the oil and gas cloud application market, along with their company profiles, business overviews, product offerings, recent developments, and market strategies.\nResearch Coverage\nThe market study covers the oil and gas cloud application market across segments.It aims at estimating the market size and the growth potential of this market, across segments, such as component, deployment mode, organization size, application, vertical, and region.\nThe study further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the market, along with their company profiles, key observations related to product and business offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies.\nKey Benefits of Buying the Report\nThe report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market with information on the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall oil and gas cloud application market and the subsegments.This report will help stakeholders understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights to position their businesses better and to plan suitable go to market strategies.\nThe report further helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities.\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nAbout Reportbuyer\nReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers\nFor more information:\nSarah Smith\nResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com\nEmail: sarah@reportbuyer.com\nTel: +1 (718) 213 4904\nWebsite: www.reportbuyer.com\nView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news releases/the global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a cagr of 14 2 300952670.html\nSOURCE ReportBuyer", "URL": "http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/the-global-oil-and-gas-cloud-application-market-size-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-14-2-1028664637"}, {"Title": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets", "Text": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets\nCHICAGO , Oct. 31, 2019 /PRNewswire/ According to a new market research report \" Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by Component (Solutions (EAM, Enterprise Applications, EHS, and Security) and Services), Deployment Type (Private and Public Cloud), Operation (Upstream, Midstream, and Downstream), and Region Global Forecast to 2024\" , published by MarketsandMarkets, the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market size is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. Major factors fueling the market growth include the growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data and lower operational costs, and increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations.\nBrowse in depth TOC on \"Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market\"123 Tables\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=246803500\nThe upstream operation segment to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market is segmented by operation into upstream, midstream, and downstream. The upstream sector is working hard to leverage big data to gain significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data. Hence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption at a rapid pace for achieving cost efficiency and increasing time to market.\nBy service, the training, support, and maintenance segment to grow at a higher highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by service is segmented into consulting and implementation services, and training, support, and maintenance services. The training, support, and maintenance services segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period, as it helps oil and gas companies choose the most suitable cloud based solutions, depending on the requirements of their businesses and end users. Consulting services assist clients in maximizing their Return on Investment (RoI) by investing in suitable AI technologies.\nEurope to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nEurope is dominating the Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market, as it is the fourth largest producer of oil and gas and is already on its way to digital transformation. The oil and gas cloud applications industry in Europe is expected to witness high growth, owing to the presence of major vendors. These vendors either have a direct presence through corporate offices and Research and Development (R&D) centers or an indirect presence through sales and distribution channel partners.\nRequest for Sample Pages:\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsampleNew.asp?id=246803500\nMajor vendors in the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market include Microsoft (US), IBM (US), SAP ( Germany ), Oracle (US), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Solutions (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum Software (US).\nBrowse Adjacent Markets: Cloud Computing Market Research Reports & Consulting\nBrowse Related Report:\nCloud Applications Market by Type (Analytics, CRM, Finance and Accounting, Content management, Collaboration, eCommerce, HCM, ERP, PPM, Procurement and Distribution, Legal and Risk Management, Other Applications) Global Forecast to 2019https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud applications market 77759796.html\nAbout MarketsandMarkets\nMarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions.\nOur 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.\nMarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.\nContact:", "URL": "https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2019-10/48055829-oil-and-gas-cloud-applications-market-worth-dollar-9-4-billion-by-2024-exclusive-report-by-marketsandmarkets-008.htm"}, {"Title": "The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2%", "Text": "NEW YORK , Nov. 6, The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2% during the forecast period\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nThe global oil and gas cloud application market size is projected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. The oil and gas cloud application industry is driven by the increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations, growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data, and lower operational costs. However, stringent government rules and regulatory compliances may hinder the growth of the oil and gas cloud application market. Enterprise asset management segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period The oil and gas cloud application market by solution is segmented into Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), enterprise applications, Environmental, Health And Safety (EHS), security and, others (simulation and modeling, and operational analytics).The EAM segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period. The growth of this segment can be attributed to demand for high functioning assets and uninterrupted uptime in the oil and gas industry to drive the growth of EAM solutions. Upstream operations segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period The oil and gas cloud application market by operation has been segmented into upstream, midstream and downstream.The upstream segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, as it is working hard to leverage big data for gaining significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data. Hence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption for achieving cost efficiency at a rapid pace. Middle East and Africa to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period The MEA region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The growing focus of the oil and gas companies in the region to boost operational efficiency,reduce downtime, and offer safer operations are expected to drive the growth of the market in the region. In depth interviews were conducted with Chief Executive Officers (CEOs), innovation and technology directors, system integrators, and executives from various key organizations operating in the oil and gas cloud applications market. By Company: Tier I: 38%, Tier II: 42%, and Tier III: 20% By Designation: C Level Executives: 40%, Directors: 35%, and Others: 25% By Region: North America : 35%, APAC: 15%, Europe : 40%, RoW: 10% The report includes the study of the key players offering oil and gas cloud application solutions and services.The major vendors are IBM (US), Oracle (US), Microsoft (US), SAP ( Germany ), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Technologies (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum software (US). It further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the oil and gas cloud application market, along with their company profiles, business overviews, product offerings, recent developments, and market strategies. Research Coverage The market study covers the oil and gas cloud application market across segments.It aims at estimating the market size and the growth potential of this market, across segments, such as component, deployment mode, organization size, application, vertical, and region. The study further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the market, along with their company profiles, key observations related to product and business offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies. Key Benefits of Buying the Report The report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market with information on the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall oil and gas cloud application market and the subsegments.This report will help stakeholders understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights to position their businesses better and to plan suitable go to market strategies. The report further helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: sarah@reportbuyer.com Tel: +1 (718) 213 4904 Website: www.reportbuyer.com\nSOURCE ReportBuyer\nRelated Links http://www.reportbuyer.com", "URL": "https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-global-oil-and-gas-cloud-application-market-size-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-14-2-300952670.html"}, {"Title": "Carrefour, Uber, Hugo Boss, Airbus and Merck among the speakers at the 2019 IoTSWC - IoT Now - How to run an IoT enabled business", "Text": "The full programme of the IoT Solutions World Congress (IoTSWC) is now available. The event organised by Fira de Barcelona in collaboration with the Industrial Internet Consortium (IIC) will present the experiences of companies using IoT, AI and blockchain solutions, such as Carrefour, Uber, Airbus, Hugo Boss, SNCF R\u00e9seau, Maersk GTD, Merck and Daimler Motors, among others. The executives of technology firms from companies such as Dell, Ericsson, ABB, Google Cloud , Huawei, IBM, Microsoft, SAS, Thingstream AG and Wipro will also participate in the event, as well as renowned analysts, who shall analyse the current state of the digitalisation of industries and the new challenges to be faced.\nThe 2019 IoTSWC will be held from 29th to 31st October at Fira de Barcelona's Gran Via venue and it will focus on nine core themes: technologies facilitating IoT, connected transport; manufacturing; energy and supplies; the health sector; construction and infrastructures; artificial intelligence and blockchain. There will be 200 sessions, including talks, round table discussions and presentations, and more than 400 speakers are expected to participate.\nThe Congress will focus mainly on the best practices and success stories of companies that have implemented IoT, artificial intelligence and blockchain achieving significant competitive advantages to inspire attendees and help identify trends.\nThis is the case of UBER, which will explain how the IoT helps minimise costs when deploying fleets of electric vehicles; or Daimler Motors, which will tackle the IoT revolution in the automotive industry; Carrefour, a pioneer in introducing blockchain technology to learn about the traceability of the food it sells in its establishments; or Airbus, with a blockchain based project to track programmed drone routes and guarantee airspace safety.\nThe French public railway company (SNCF) will present the results obtained after applying predictive maintenance via IoT on its 30,000 km of track, 15,000 trains and 3,000 stations. Fashion firm Hugo Boss will explain how artificial intelligence and automatic learning are changing their production systems, market access and retail sales opportunities. Along with Sainsbury's, a British retailer which applies IoT systems to control the temperature of food.\nBrussels Airport will present its strategies for making passenger travel \"smart\" and \"seamless\" from their arrival at the airport, boarding the plane, crossing the border, collecting luggage to arriving home. The experience of the cities of Kuwait and Doha that have implemented a real time IoT monitoring network to monitor air quality and protect citizens will also be presented.\nThere will also be a 5.0 solution for public toilets in commercial areas, transport centres or service stations, promoted by Roca, which collects key data for improving operations, maintenance, cleaning, water management and client satisfaction. In addition, time will be devoted to analysing the healthcare revolution via IoT, with the examples of the UCSF Health hospital consortium in California and the Radboudumc hospital consortium in the Netherlands. In addition, the results of the Vall d'Hebron Hospital programme, which is monitoring the stress of caregivers of children with neurological disorders through the use of physiological sensors, and the Sanitas Hospital at Home service, which provides safe, high quality and hospital type care to patients in the comfort of their own homes, will be presented through a health platform connected to the IoT.\nFor its part, Legal Aid Ontario corporation responsible for administering the legal aid programme in that Canadian province will present its case for digitalisation and use of blockchain solutions. Along the same lines, Maersk will announce concrete achievements in the use of blockchain in the maritime transport industry and the cost savings it represents.\nThe 2019 IoTSWC will analyse the implementation status of artificial intelligence and automatic learning technologies for process improvement. It will also address issues related to standardisation, as well as ethical aspects and social responsibilities that arise at the beginning of the era of smart machines. In this regard, it will also address the relationship and role of people and machines in Industry 4.0 to improve safety, productivity and processes.\nIn addition, IoT enabling technologies will be discussed from the experiences contributed by companies from different industrial sectors. Special attention will be given to the potential provided by \"Digital Twins\", one of the main strategic trends in the industrial IoT. Also noteworthy will be the talk given by Joe Barkai, author of The Outcome Economy: How the Industrial Internet of Things is Transforming Every Business, who will reflect on the development of artificial intelligence.\nLeading companies\nAt the same time, executives from global companies providing solutions to digitise all types of industries will participate. The list of speakers includes: K. Eric Harper, Zoya Alexeeva and Bernd Heistercamp (ABB); Teresa Tung and Edy Liongosari (Accenture Labs); Dirk Slama (Bosch Software Innovations); Said Tabet (Dell); Jake Gostylo (Dun & Bradstreet); Shannon Lucas (Ericsson); Garret Miller (GE Current), Jennifer Bennett (Google Cloud); Beverly Rider, Ramachander and Jim Donaldson (Hitachi); Maria Schwenger and Scott Bracken (Honeywell); Wael William Diab (Huawei); Juan Jos\u00e9 Ruiz (IBM), Chris Pendleton, Rimes Mortimer, Clemens Vasters and Ron Zahavi (Microsoft); Shyam Varan Nath (Oracle Corporation); Brad Klenz, Mark Wolff and Gul Edge (SAS); Charles Paumelle (Thales Group), Madhusudan Pai, Josh Ridley, Calvin Smith and Jayraj Nair (Wipro); Philipp Bolliger (Thingstream AG); Stephen Laaper, Helena Lisachuk and Mark Cotteleer (Deloitte) and Ulrich Ahle (Fiware).\nAbout IoTSWC\nThe IoT Solutions World Congress (IoTSWC) is the largest event in the world specialising in the industrial application of the Internet of Things and the only one that combines a commercial exhibition with top level knowledge, testbeds and professional networking. It is organised by Fira de Barcelona in collaboration with the Industrial Internet Consortium. The upcoming congress is expected to bring together 400 exhibiting companies and more than 400 speakers from all over the world, as well as exceeding last year's attendance of 16,000 visitors from over 120 countries.", "URL": "https://www.iot-now.com/2019/09/26/99016-carrefour-uber-hugo-boss-airbus-merck-among-speakers-2019-iotswc/"}, {"Title": "Utilities opt to use cloud-based analytics, despite lack of monetary incentives", "Text": "By Jill Feblowitz May 1, 2019 No Comments\nIt's been over two and a half years since NARUC passed a resolution encouraging state public utility commissions to \"consider whether cloud computing and on premise solutions should receive similar regulatory accounting treatment, in that both would be eligible to earn a rate of return and would be paid for out of a utility's capital budget.\"\nRegardless, investor owned utilities (IOUs) are still wary adopters of cloud services. Cost recovery and guaranteed rate of return for capital expenditures make capital investments more attractive than operating expenses\u2014for the most part, this has always been the case. A cloud based subscription service is treated as an operating expense [1] in most cases. There is some movement, though. Recently, the Illinois Commerce Commission, made progress on proceedings to allow utilities to pre pay for cloud services, amortize costs and derive earnings as a typical asset. Earnings on top of pay as you go were also approved, although that option doesn't have the same level of benefits as pre paid (see Making Cloud Computing and Other Services Pay for Utilities and Customers.)\nWhat this means for cloud analytics: There are less than a handful of states that are addressing cloud services for IOUs. Despite the lack of monetary incentives, utilities are adopting analytics in the cloud. A quick review of UAI membership shows at least 10 major IOUs adopting cloud based solutions at scale to address areas such as asset management, water quality, unaccounted for energy, and customer engagement. This does not include utilities that store data on the cloud but use on premise analytics. (See PG&E's Agile Asset Analytics Teamwork ). The reasons: Access to greater computing capacity; quick set up, especially for Agile teams; lower cost; lower risk of obsolescence; and access to equipment data and models (as in manufacturing companies analytics platforms). Security doesn't seem to be an issue for cloud analytics either. Since cloud analytics are advisory\u2014not control\u2014systems they may pass NERC CIP protected information standards. Analytics platforms are becoming more popular with utilities. Many platform vendors (Microsoft Azure, Cloudera, AWS, etc.) host data and may offer generic data science tools as well (Python, SAS, SPSS, Apache Spark, etc.). Other platforms layer on utility specific industry models to the mix (C3, Predix, ABB's Ellipse APM). Cloud native analytics vendors (eSmart Systems, First Fuel) combine artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) with industry domain expertise and models (for example, asset health and risk models, energy efficiency) in partnership with platform vendors. These solutions are making strides in advancing the adoption curve for AI and ML. In the future, there might not be a lot of alternatives. Cloud applications are de rigueur for traditional enterprise software providers serving the utility industry (SAS, Oracle).\nJill Feblowitz is President of Feblowitz Energy Consulting, where she helps companies in the energy ecosystem with innovation. Ms. Feblowitz has over 30 years in the business, starting with watts (as an electrician) and moving to MW (as a consultant and IT analyst), providing advice on business, regulation, and technology. She has a historical perspective as well as a keen sense of industry game changers \u2013 renewables, distributed energy resources, storage, EVs, smart grid and information/control technologies (Big Data, analytics, edge computing, AI/machine learning, robotics, and more). During her long work history, she has learned how critical analytics are to industry performance.\n[1] This treatment does not apply to municipals. Munis are driven to lower their costs, thus cloud services are attractive.", "URL": "https://utilityanalytics.com/2019/05/utilities-opt-to-use-cloud-based-analytics-despite-lack-of-monetary-incentives/"}, {"Title": "Enterprise Asset Management Software Market is Booming with Market Strategies Adopted by Top Key Players \u2013 Oracle, SAP SE, IBM, ABB, Schneider Electric, Infor | Global Forecast Till 2023", "Text": "Search for: Sep 11 Enterprise Asset Management Software Market is Booming with Market Strategies Adopted by Top Key Players \u2013 Oracle, SAP SE, IBM, ABB, Schneider Electric, Infor | Global Forecast Till 2023 Tech News\nThis report provides in depth study of \"Enterprise Asset Management Software Market\" using SWOT analysis i.e. Strength, Weakness, Opportunities and Threat to the organization. The Enterprise Asset Management Software Market report also provides an in depth survey of key players in the market organization.\nGlobal Enterprise Asset Management Software Market Synopsis:\nThis report studies the Enterprise Asset Management Software Market over the forecast period of 2019 to 2023. The Enterprise Asset Management Software Market is expected to grow at an impressive Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) from 2019 to 2023.\nGet Sample Study Papers of \"Global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market\" @ request/43620.\nThe Global \"Enterprise Asset Management Software Market\" research 2019 highlights the major details and provides in depth analysis of the market along with the future growth, prospects and Industry demands analysis explores with the help of complete report with 90 Pages, figures, graphs and table of contents to analyze the situations of global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market and Assessment to 2023.\nEnterprise Asset Management Software Market report begins from overview of Industry Chain structure, and describes industry environment, then analyses market size and forecast of Enterprise Asset Management Software Market by product, region and application, in addition, this report introduces market competition situation among the vendors and company profile, besides, market price analysis and value chain features are covered in this report. The scope of the report includes a detailed study of Enterprise Asset Management Software Market with the reasons given for variations in the growth of the industry in certain regions.\nEAM, or enterprise asset management software, provides a holistic view of an organization's physical assets and infrastructure throughout their entire lifecycle, from design, commission, or procurement, through to operation, maintenance, disposal, and replacement.\nThere are numerous drivers, restraints and opportunities that are shaping the future of this industry. The growing need for increasing the lifecycle performance of assets indicates that the future of enterprise asset management market is bright. On the other hand, with companies getting more dependent on physical infrastructure, which is capable enough to integrate process as well as information throughout asset lifecycle is highly responsible for driving the market. Advent of cloud deployment model and Big Data integration with enterprise asset management are likely to create business opportunities.\nEnterprise Asset Management Software Market Covers the Table of Contents With Segments, Key Players And Region. Based on Product Type, Enterprise Asset Management Software Linear Assets, Non Linear Assets, Field Service Management (FSM), Assets Maintenance, Repair, and Operations (MRO). On the Basis of Application, Government, Oil and Gas, Healthcare, Transportation and Logistics, Manufacturing, Energy and Utilities, Others.\nMajor Players profiled in the Enterprise Asset Management Software Market report incorporate: IFS AB, Oracle Corporation, SAP SE, International Business Machines Corporation, ABB, CGI Group, Schneider Electric, Infor, Vesta Partners, Emaint, Ramco Systems, Dude Solutions\nIndustry News:\nInfor, a leading provider of industry specific cloud applications, today announced significant enhancements to Infor Enterprise Asset Management (EAM). Designed to help improve asset performance, Infor EAM is a 21st century enterprise asset management solution with rich built in industry specific functionality that uses predictive and preventive technologies to extend asset life and increase efficiency. Infor EAM is a scalable solution that is accessible on any mobile device, can be deployed in the cloud, on premise, or as a hybrid, and is built on modern architecture.\nThe latest iteration has added many important features, including for recording and sending data and added support features.\n\"As organizations continue to realize the importance of preventive and predictive asset management, it becomes more critical that we continue to listen to the feedback from our customers and incorporate that into our product updates and enhancements. This release is a result of continued collaboration between Infor and industry leading customers,\" said Kevin Price, technical product evangelist and product strategist, Infor. \"Available both in the cloud and on premise, Infor EAM 11.4 introduces several new capabilities, and delivers updates to existing capabilities, in order to better support the maintenance requirements and various needs of users across industries.\"\nRequest a Discount on standard prices of this premium report @ discount/43620.\nRegion segment: This report is segmented into several key regions, with sales, revenue, market share (%) and growth Rate (%) of Enterprise Asset Management Software in these regions, from 2014 to 2023 (forecast), covering: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa and South America.\nEnterprise Asset Management Software Market Questions Answered in this Report:\n1 What are the major market drivers, challenges, and opportunities in the global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market?\n2 What was the market value of the leading segments and sub segments of the global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market in 2018?\n3 How will each segment of the global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market grow during the forecast period and what will be the revenue generated by each of the segments by the end of 2023?\n4 What are the influencing factors that may affect the market share of the key players?\n5 How will the industry evolve during the forecast period 2019 2023?\n6 Who are the key players in the Enterprise Asset Management Software Market and end user market and what are their contributions?\nMajor Points in Table of Contents:\nTable of Contents\nGlobal Enterprise Asset Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2023\n1 Industry Overview of Enterprise Asset Management Software\n2 Global Enterprise Asset Management Software Competition Analysis by Players\n3 Company (Top Players) Profiles\n4 Global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market Size by Type and Application (2013 2019)\n5 United States Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n6 EU Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n7 Japan Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n8 China Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n9 India Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n10 Southeast Asia Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n11 Market Forecast by Regions, Type and Application (2019 2023)\n12 Enterprise Asset Management Software Market Dynamics\n13 Market Effect Factors Analysis\n14 Research Finding/Conclusion\n15 Appendix", "URL": "https://thewindreports.com/enterprise-asset-management-software-market-is-booming-with-market-strategies-adopted-by-top-key-players-oracle-sap-se-ibm-abb-schneider-electric-infor-global-forecast-till-2023/130766/"}, {"Title": "Microsoft Earns Top Marks in Industrial IoT News - SDxCentral", "Text": "Hacker News Subscribe\nMicrosoft, C3.ai, PTC, and Siemens are leading the industrial IoT (IIoT) market with analytic services to enhance connectivity that enterprises can use with actionable intent, according to new research from Forrester.\nThe firm evaluated industrial IoT software platform providers based on 24 criteria and concluded those four companies offer pre packaged applications that support comprehensive integration capabilities with services that extend greater value to enterprises. Forrester ranked IBM, Software AG, Hitachi, SAP, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Oracle, and GE Digital as \"strong performers,\" followed by Samsung, ABB, and Bosch as \"contenders.\"\n\"While the physical products certainly endure, the companies that built them must change to survive, investing in digital and baking it deeply into everything they do,\" the report notes. \"IoT is core to industrial companies' efforts to bridge the divide between the physical and virtual.\"\nForrester advises enterprises to be deliberate when considering IoT software providers, and encourages organizations to seek out companies that support deployment models from edge to cloud, comprehensive business integration levers, and analytics with actionable intelligence. IoT Table Stakes Are Insufficient\n\"The ability to identify, manage, secure, extract data from, and send commands to large fleets of connected devices is table stakes,\" the report states. \"On their own, these capabilities are insufficient to support the needs of the modern industrial enterprise.\"\nOn the analytics front, Forrester warns that \"many business analysts lack the expertise and tools to evaluation industrial IoT data and translate it into actionable insight. Diverse arrays of data in the cloud , at the edge, and captured from digital twin models require data filtering and streaming analytics to effectively assess and monitor data.\"\nThe industrial IoT space is a massive market and Forrester admits that its latest assessment doesn't represent the entire vendor landscape. Nonetheless, the Microsoft Azure IoT platform earned Forrester's highest marks for its strategy and offering. Microsoft Rapidly Adding Industrial IoT Features\n\"Microsoft's Azure public cloud infrastructure underpins many of the industrial IoT software platforms we considered,\" the report explains. \"Prospective customers see a broad range of increasingly capable solutions but are sometimes bewildered when faced with choosing between assembling Microsoft's building blocks on their own or paying a third party for a solution that has already done that work and added domain specific value.\"\nThe firm also lauded Microsoft for adding features to its IoT platform at an \"impressive rate\" with richer edge capabilities in Azure IoT Edge and simplified application and device onboarding offered by Azure IoT Central. Microsoft does, however, continue to favor products and services from its own portfolio and, as such, \"offers a powerful proposition for those with existing investments in the Azure cloud,\" according to Forrester.\nC3.ai earned high marks for tightly integrating its platform with all major public cloud providers with what it describes as some of the largest IoT deployments in oil and gas, utilities, and defense. PTC was commended for combining IoT with augmented reality and designing its ThingWorx platform to work equally well in the cloud or deployed at the edge. Finally, Siemens earned its spot among the leaders for positioning its MindSphere platform as an open offering for industrial applications with a growing catalog of third party applications.\nForrester based its evaluation on each vendor's current offering, strategy, and market presence. Criteria included connectivity, deployment and security , management console, application enablement functions, analytics, data, partner strategy, innovation roadmaps, platform differentiation, and delivery model. Related Content", "URL": "https://www.sdxcentral.com/articles/news/microsoft-earns-top-marks-in-industrial-iot/2019/11/"}, {"Title": "IoT Solutions World Congress (IoTSWC) | full programme now available.", "Text": "IoT Solutions World Congress (IoTSWC) | full programme now available. Carrefour, Uber, Hugo Boss, Airbus and Merck among the speakers at the 2019 IoTSWC 30.07.2019 IoT Solutions World Congress | 29 31 October in Barcelona The full programme of the IoT Solutions World Congress (IoTSWC) is now available. The event organised by Fira de Barcelona in collaboration with the Industrial Internet Consortium (IIC) will present the experiences of companies using IoT, AI and blockchain solutions, such as Carrefour, Uber, Airbus, Hugo Boss, SNCF R\u00e9seau, Maersk GTD, Merck and Daimler Motors, among others. The executives of technology firms from companies such as Dell, Ericsson, ABB, Google Cloud , Huawei, IBM, Microsoft, SAS, Thingstream AG and Wipro will also participate in the event, as well as renowned analysts, who shall analyse the current state of the digitalisation of industries and the new challenges to be faced.\nThe 2019 IoTSWC will be held from 29th to 31st October at Fira de Barcelona's Gran Via venue and it will focus on nine core themes: technologies facilitating IoT, connected transport; manufacturing; energy and supplies; the health sector; construction and infrastructures; artificial intelligence and blockchain. There will be 200 sessions, including talks, round table discussions and presentations, and more than 400 speakers are expected to participate.\nThe Congress will focus mainly on the best practices and success stories of companies that have implemented IoT, artificial intelligence and blockchain achieving significant competitive advantages to inspire attendees and help identify trends.\nThis is the case of UBER, which will explain how the IoT helps minimise costs when deploying fleets of electric vehicles; or Daimler Motors, which will tackle the IoT revolution in the automotive industry; Carrefour, a pioneer in introducing blockchain technology to learn about the traceability of the food it sells in its establishments; or Airbus, with a blockchain based project to track programmed drone routes and guarantee airspace safety.\nThe French public railway company (SNCF) will present the results obtained after applying predictive maintenance via IoT on its 30,000 km of track, 15,000 trains and 3,000 stations. Fashion firm Hugo Boss will explain how artificial intelligence and automatic learning are changing their production systems, market access and retail sales opportunities. Along with Sainsbury's, a British retailer which applies IoT systems to control the temperature of food.\nBrussels Airport will present its strategies for making passenger travel \"smart\" and \"seamless\" from their arrival at the airport, boarding the plane, crossing the border, collecting luggage to arriving home. The experience of the cities of Kuwait and Doha that have implemented a real time IoT monitoring network to monitor air quality and protect citizens will also be presented.\nThere will also be a 5.0 solution for public toilets in commercial areas, transport centres or service stations, promoted by Roca, which collects key data for improving operations, maintenance, cleaning, water management and client satisfaction. In addition, time will be devoted to analysing the healthcare revolution via IoT, with the examples of the UCSF Health hospital consortium in California and the Radboudumc hospital consortium in the Netherlands. In addition, the results of the Vall d'Hebron Hospital programme, which is monitoring the stress of caregivers of children with neurological disorders through the use of physiological sensors, and the Sanitas Hospital at Home service, which provides safe, high quality and hospital type care to patients in the comfort of their own homes, will be presented through a health platform connected to the IoT.\nFor its part, Legal Aid Ontario corporation responsible for administering the legal aid programme in that Canadian province will present its case for digitalisation and use of blockchain solutions. Along the same lines, Maersk will announce concrete achievements in the use of blockchain in the maritime transport industry and the cost savings it represents.\nThe 2019 IoTSWC will analyse the implementation status of artificial intelligence and automatic learning technologies for process improvement. It will also address issues related to standardisation, as well as ethical aspects and social responsibilities that arise at the beginning of the era of smart machines. In this regard, it will also address the relationship and role of people and machines in Industry 4.0 to improve safety, productivity and processes.\nIn addition, IoT enabling technologies will be discussed from the experiences contributed by companies from different industrial sectors. Special attention will be given to the potential provided by \"Digital Twins\", one of the main strategic trends in the industrial IoT. Also noteworthy will be the talk given by Joe Barkai, author of The Outcome Economy: How the Industrial Internet of Things is Transforming Every Business, who will reflect on the development of artificial intelligence. Leading companies\nAt the same time, executives from global companies providing solutions to digitise all types of industries will participate. The list of speakers includes: K. Eric Harper, Zoya Alexeeva and Bernd Heistercamp (ABB); Teresa Tung and Edy Liongosari (Accenture Labs); Dirk Slama (Bosch Software Innovations); Said Tabet (Dell); Jake Gostylo (Dun & Bradstreet); Shannon Lucas (Ericsson); Garret Miller (GE Current), Jennifer Bennett (Google Cloud); Beverly Rider, Ramachander and Jim Donaldson (Hitachi); Maria Schwenger and Scott Bracken (Honeywell); Wael William Diab (Huawei); Juan Jos\u00e9 Ruiz (IBM), Chris Pendleton, Rimes Mortimer, Clemens Vasters and Ron Zahavi (Microsoft); Shyam Varan Nath (Oracle Corporation); Brad Klenz, Mark Wolff and Gul Edge (SAS); Charles Paumelle (Thales Group), Madhusudan Pai, Josh Ridley, Calvin Smith and Jayraj Nair (Wipro); Philipp Bolliger (Thingstream AG); Stephen Laaper, Helena Lisachuk and Mark Cotteleer (Deloitte) and Ulrich Ahle (Fiware).", "URL": "https://www.technik-medien.at/2019/07/30/iot-solutions-world-congress-iotswc-full-programme-now-available/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "ABB Installation Products Inc.", "industry": "Industrial Products", "segment": "Industry", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Oracle Corporation", "intensity": 12.0, "score": 35504, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets\u2122", "Text": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets [October 31, 2019] Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets \nCHICAGO , Oct. 31, 2019 /PRNewswire/ According to a new market research report \" Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by Component (Solutions (EAM, Enterprise Applications, EHS, and Security) and Services), Deployment Type (Private and Public Cloud), Operation (Upstream, Midstream, and Downstream), and Region Global Forecast to 2024\" , published by MarketsandMarkets , the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market size is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. Major factors fueling the market growth include the growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data and lower operational costs, and increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations.\nBrowse in depth TOC on \"Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market\"123 \u2013 Tables\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=246803500\nThe upstream operation segment to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market is segmented by operation into upstream, midstream, and downstream. The upstream sector is working hard to leverage big data to gain significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data. Hence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption at a rapid pace for achieving cost efficiency and increasing time to market.\nBy service, the training, support, and maintenance segment to grow at a higher highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by service is segmented into consulting and implementation services, and training, support, and maintenance services. The traning, support, and maintenance services segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period, as it helps oil and gas companies choose the most suitable cloud based solutions, depending on the requirements of their businesses and end users. Consulting services assist clients in maximizing their Return on Investment (RoI) by investing in suitable AI technologies.\nEurope to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nEurope is dominating the Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market, as it is the fourth largest producer of oil and gas and is already on its way to digital transformation. The oil and gas cloud applications industry in Europe is expected to witness high growth, owing to the presence of major vendors. These vendors either have a direct presence through corporate offices and Research and Development (R&D) centers or an indirect presence through sales and distribution channel partners.\nRequest for Sample Pages:\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsampleNew.asp?id=246803500\nMajor vendors in the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market include Microsoft (US), IBM (US), SAP ( Germany ), Oracle (US), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Solutions (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum Software (US).\nBrowse Adjacent Markets: Cloud Computing Market Research Reports & Consulting\nBrowse Related Report:\nCloud Applications Market by Type (Analytics, CRM, Finance and Accounting, Content management, Collaboration, eCommerce, HCM, ERP, PPM, Procurement and Distribution, Legal and Risk Management, Other Applications) \u2013 Global Forecast to 2019 https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud applications market 77759796.html\nAbout MarketsandMarkets \nMarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions.\nOur 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model \u2013 GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.\nMarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.\nContact:", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/10/31/9045146.htm"}, {"Title": "The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2%", "Text": "NEW YORK , Nov. 6, 2019 /PRNewswire/ The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2% during the forecast period\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nThe global oil and gas cloud application market size is projected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. The oil and gas cloud application industry is driven by the increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations, growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data, and lower operational costs. However, stringent government rules and regulatory compliances may hinder the growth of the oil and gas cloud application market.\nEnterprise asset management segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by solution is segmented into Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), enterprise applications, Environmental, Health And Safety (EHS), security and, others (simulation and modeling, and operational analytics).The EAM segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period.\nThe growth of this segment can be attributed to demand for high functioning assets and uninterrupted uptime in the oil and gas industry to drive the growth of EAM solutions.\nUpstream operations segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by operation has been segmented into upstream, midstream and downstream.The upstream segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, as it is working hard to leverage big data for gaining significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data.\nHence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption for achieving cost efficiency at a rapid pace.\nMiddle East and Africa to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe MEA region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The growing focus of the oil and gas companies in the region to boost operational efficiency,reduce downtime, and offer safer operations are expected to drive the growth of the market in the region.\nIn depth interviews were conducted with Chief Executive Officers (CEOs), innovation and technology directors, system integrators, and executives from various key organizations operating in the oil and gas cloud applications market.\n By Company: Tier I: 38%, Tier II: 42%, and Tier III: 20%\n By Designation: C Level Executives: 40%, Directors: 35%, and Others: 25%\n By Region: North America : 35%, APAC: 15%, Europe : 40%, RoW: 10%\nThe report includes the study of the key players offering oil and gas cloud application solutions and services.The major vendors are IBM (US), Oracle (US), Microsoft (US), SAP ( Germany ), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Technologies (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum software (US).\nIt further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the oil and gas cloud application market, along with their company profiles, business overviews, product offerings, recent developments, and market strategies.\nResearch Coverage\nThe market study covers the oil and gas cloud application market across segments.It aims at estimating the market size and the growth potential of this market, across segments, such as component, deployment mode, organization size, application, vertical, and region.\nThe study further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the market, along with their company profiles, key observations related to product and business offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies.\nKey Benefits of Buying the Report\nThe report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market with information on the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall oil and gas cloud application market and the subsegments.This report will help stakeholders understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights to position their businesses better and to plan suitable go to market strategies.\nThe report further helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities.\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nAbout Reportbuyer\nReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers\nFor more information:\nSarah Smith\nResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com\nEmail: sarah@reportbuyer.com\nTel: +1 (718) 213 4904\nWebsite: www.reportbuyer.com\n releases/the global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a cagr of 14 2 300952670.html\nSOURCE ReportBuyer", "URL": "http://business.wapakdailynews.com/wapakdailynews/news/read/39092997/the_global_oil_and_gas_cloud_application_market_size_to_grow_at_a_cagr_of_14.2"}, {"Title": "The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2%", "Text": "NEW YORK , Nov. 6, 2019 /PRNewswire/ The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2% during the forecast period\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nThe global oil and gas cloud application market size is projected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. The oil and gas cloud application industry is driven by the increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations, growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data, and lower operational costs. However, stringent government rules and regulatory compliances may hinder the growth of the oil and gas cloud application market.\nEnterprise asset management segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by solution is segmented into Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), enterprise applications, Environmental, Health And Safety (EHS), security and, others (simulation and modeling, and operational analytics).The EAM segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period.\nThe growth of this segment can be attributed to demand for high functioning assets and uninterrupted uptime in the oil and gas industry to drive the growth of EAM solutions.\nUpstream operations segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe oil and gas cloud application market by operation has been segmented into upstream, midstream and downstream.The upstream segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, as it is working hard to leverage big data for gaining significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data.\nHence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption for achieving cost efficiency at a rapid pace.\nMiddle East and Africa to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe MEA region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The growing focus of the oil and gas companies in the region to boost operational efficiency,reduce downtime, and offer safer operations are expected to drive the growth of the market in the region.\nIn depth interviews were conducted with Chief Executive Officers (CEOs), innovation and technology directors, system integrators, and executives from various key organizations operating in the oil and gas cloud applications market.\n By Company: Tier I: 38%, Tier II: 42%, and Tier III: 20%\n By Designation: C Level Executives: 40%, Directors: 35%, and Others: 25%\n By Region: North America : 35%, APAC: 15%, Europe : 40%, RoW: 10%\nThe report includes the study of the key players offering oil and gas cloud application solutions and services.The major vendors are IBM (US), Oracle (US), Microsoft (US), SAP ( Germany ), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Technologies (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum software (US).\nIt further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the oil and gas cloud application market, along with their company profiles, business overviews, product offerings, recent developments, and market strategies.\nResearch Coverage\nThe market study covers the oil and gas cloud application market across segments.It aims at estimating the market size and the growth potential of this market, across segments, such as component, deployment mode, organization size, application, vertical, and region.\nThe study further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the market, along with their company profiles, key observations related to product and business offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies.\nKey Benefits of Buying the Report\nThe report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market with information on the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall oil and gas cloud application market and the subsegments.This report will help stakeholders understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights to position their businesses better and to plan suitable go to market strategies.\nThe report further helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities.\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nAbout Reportbuyer\nReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers\nFor more information:\nSarah Smith\nResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com\nEmail: sarah@reportbuyer.com\nTel: +1 (718) 213 4904\nWebsite: www.reportbuyer.com\nView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news releases/the global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a cagr of 14 2 300952670.html\nSOURCE ReportBuyer", "URL": "http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/the-global-oil-and-gas-cloud-application-market-size-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-14-2-1028664637"}, {"Title": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets", "Text": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets\nCHICAGO , Oct. 31, 2019 /PRNewswire/ According to a new market research report \" Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by Component (Solutions (EAM, Enterprise Applications, EHS, and Security) and Services), Deployment Type (Private and Public Cloud), Operation (Upstream, Midstream, and Downstream), and Region Global Forecast to 2024\" , published by MarketsandMarkets, the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market size is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. Major factors fueling the market growth include the growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data and lower operational costs, and increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations.\nBrowse in depth TOC on \"Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market\"123 Tables\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=246803500\nThe upstream operation segment to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market is segmented by operation into upstream, midstream, and downstream. The upstream sector is working hard to leverage big data to gain significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data. Hence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption at a rapid pace for achieving cost efficiency and increasing time to market.\nBy service, the training, support, and maintenance segment to grow at a higher highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by service is segmented into consulting and implementation services, and training, support, and maintenance services. The training, support, and maintenance services segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period, as it helps oil and gas companies choose the most suitable cloud based solutions, depending on the requirements of their businesses and end users. Consulting services assist clients in maximizing their Return on Investment (RoI) by investing in suitable AI technologies.\nEurope to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nEurope is dominating the Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market, as it is the fourth largest producer of oil and gas and is already on its way to digital transformation. The oil and gas cloud applications industry in Europe is expected to witness high growth, owing to the presence of major vendors. These vendors either have a direct presence through corporate offices and Research and Development (R&D) centers or an indirect presence through sales and distribution channel partners.\nRequest for Sample Pages:\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsampleNew.asp?id=246803500\nMajor vendors in the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market include Microsoft (US), IBM (US), SAP ( Germany ), Oracle (US), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Solutions (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum Software (US).\nBrowse Adjacent Markets: Cloud Computing Market Research Reports & Consulting\nBrowse Related Report:\nCloud Applications Market by Type (Analytics, CRM, Finance and Accounting, Content management, Collaboration, eCommerce, HCM, ERP, PPM, Procurement and Distribution, Legal and Risk Management, Other Applications) Global Forecast to 2019https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud applications market 77759796.html\nAbout MarketsandMarkets\nMarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions.\nOur 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.\nMarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.\nContact:", "URL": "https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2019-10/48055829-oil-and-gas-cloud-applications-market-worth-dollar-9-4-billion-by-2024-exclusive-report-by-marketsandmarkets-008.htm"}, {"Title": "The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2%", "Text": "NEW YORK , Nov. 6, The global oil and gas cloud application market size to grow at a CAGR of 14.2% during the forecast period\nDownload the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN\nThe global oil and gas cloud application market size is projected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. The oil and gas cloud application industry is driven by the increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations, growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data, and lower operational costs. However, stringent government rules and regulatory compliances may hinder the growth of the oil and gas cloud application market. Enterprise asset management segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period The oil and gas cloud application market by solution is segmented into Enterprise Asset Management (EAM), enterprise applications, Environmental, Health And Safety (EHS), security and, others (simulation and modeling, and operational analytics).The EAM segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period. The growth of this segment can be attributed to demand for high functioning assets and uninterrupted uptime in the oil and gas industry to drive the growth of EAM solutions. Upstream operations segment to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period The oil and gas cloud application market by operation has been segmented into upstream, midstream and downstream.The upstream segment is projected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, as it is working hard to leverage big data for gaining significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data. Hence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption for achieving cost efficiency at a rapid pace. Middle East and Africa to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period The MEA region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The growing focus of the oil and gas companies in the region to boost operational efficiency,reduce downtime, and offer safer operations are expected to drive the growth of the market in the region. In depth interviews were conducted with Chief Executive Officers (CEOs), innovation and technology directors, system integrators, and executives from various key organizations operating in the oil and gas cloud applications market. By Company: Tier I: 38%, Tier II: 42%, and Tier III: 20% By Designation: C Level Executives: 40%, Directors: 35%, and Others: 25% By Region: North America : 35%, APAC: 15%, Europe : 40%, RoW: 10% The report includes the study of the key players offering oil and gas cloud application solutions and services.The major vendors are IBM (US), Oracle (US), Microsoft (US), SAP ( Germany ), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Technologies (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum software (US). It further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the oil and gas cloud application market, along with their company profiles, business overviews, product offerings, recent developments, and market strategies. Research Coverage The market study covers the oil and gas cloud application market across segments.It aims at estimating the market size and the growth potential of this market, across segments, such as component, deployment mode, organization size, application, vertical, and region. The study further includes an in depth competitive analysis of key players in the market, along with their company profiles, key observations related to product and business offerings, recent developments, and key market strategies. Key Benefits of Buying the Report The report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market with information on the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall oil and gas cloud application market and the subsegments.This report will help stakeholders understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights to position their businesses better and to plan suitable go to market strategies. The report further helps stakeholders understand the pulse of the market and provides them with information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/5223265/?utm_source=PRN About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: sarah@reportbuyer.com Tel: +1 (718) 213 4904 Website: www.reportbuyer.com\nSOURCE ReportBuyer\nRelated Links http://www.reportbuyer.com", "URL": "https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-global-oil-and-gas-cloud-application-market-size-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-14-2-300952670.html"}, {"Title": "Carrefour, Uber, Hugo Boss, Airbus and Merck among the speakers at the 2019 IoTSWC - IoT Now - How to run an IoT enabled business", "Text": "The full programme of the IoT Solutions World Congress (IoTSWC) is now available. The event organised by Fira de Barcelona in collaboration with the Industrial Internet Consortium (IIC) will present the experiences of companies using IoT, AI and blockchain solutions, such as Carrefour, Uber, Airbus, Hugo Boss, SNCF R\u00e9seau, Maersk GTD, Merck and Daimler Motors, among others. The executives of technology firms from companies such as Dell, Ericsson, ABB, Google Cloud , Huawei, IBM, Microsoft, SAS, Thingstream AG and Wipro will also participate in the event, as well as renowned analysts, who shall analyse the current state of the digitalisation of industries and the new challenges to be faced.\nThe 2019 IoTSWC will be held from 29th to 31st October at Fira de Barcelona's Gran Via venue and it will focus on nine core themes: technologies facilitating IoT, connected transport; manufacturing; energy and supplies; the health sector; construction and infrastructures; artificial intelligence and blockchain. There will be 200 sessions, including talks, round table discussions and presentations, and more than 400 speakers are expected to participate.\nThe Congress will focus mainly on the best practices and success stories of companies that have implemented IoT, artificial intelligence and blockchain achieving significant competitive advantages to inspire attendees and help identify trends.\nThis is the case of UBER, which will explain how the IoT helps minimise costs when deploying fleets of electric vehicles; or Daimler Motors, which will tackle the IoT revolution in the automotive industry; Carrefour, a pioneer in introducing blockchain technology to learn about the traceability of the food it sells in its establishments; or Airbus, with a blockchain based project to track programmed drone routes and guarantee airspace safety.\nThe French public railway company (SNCF) will present the results obtained after applying predictive maintenance via IoT on its 30,000 km of track, 15,000 trains and 3,000 stations. Fashion firm Hugo Boss will explain how artificial intelligence and automatic learning are changing their production systems, market access and retail sales opportunities. Along with Sainsbury's, a British retailer which applies IoT systems to control the temperature of food.\nBrussels Airport will present its strategies for making passenger travel \"smart\" and \"seamless\" from their arrival at the airport, boarding the plane, crossing the border, collecting luggage to arriving home. The experience of the cities of Kuwait and Doha that have implemented a real time IoT monitoring network to monitor air quality and protect citizens will also be presented.\nThere will also be a 5.0 solution for public toilets in commercial areas, transport centres or service stations, promoted by Roca, which collects key data for improving operations, maintenance, cleaning, water management and client satisfaction. In addition, time will be devoted to analysing the healthcare revolution via IoT, with the examples of the UCSF Health hospital consortium in California and the Radboudumc hospital consortium in the Netherlands. In addition, the results of the Vall d'Hebron Hospital programme, which is monitoring the stress of caregivers of children with neurological disorders through the use of physiological sensors, and the Sanitas Hospital at Home service, which provides safe, high quality and hospital type care to patients in the comfort of their own homes, will be presented through a health platform connected to the IoT.\nFor its part, Legal Aid Ontario corporation responsible for administering the legal aid programme in that Canadian province will present its case for digitalisation and use of blockchain solutions. Along the same lines, Maersk will announce concrete achievements in the use of blockchain in the maritime transport industry and the cost savings it represents.\nThe 2019 IoTSWC will analyse the implementation status of artificial intelligence and automatic learning technologies for process improvement. It will also address issues related to standardisation, as well as ethical aspects and social responsibilities that arise at the beginning of the era of smart machines. In this regard, it will also address the relationship and role of people and machines in Industry 4.0 to improve safety, productivity and processes.\nIn addition, IoT enabling technologies will be discussed from the experiences contributed by companies from different industrial sectors. Special attention will be given to the potential provided by \"Digital Twins\", one of the main strategic trends in the industrial IoT. Also noteworthy will be the talk given by Joe Barkai, author of The Outcome Economy: How the Industrial Internet of Things is Transforming Every Business, who will reflect on the development of artificial intelligence.\nLeading companies\nAt the same time, executives from global companies providing solutions to digitise all types of industries will participate. The list of speakers includes: K. Eric Harper, Zoya Alexeeva and Bernd Heistercamp (ABB); Teresa Tung and Edy Liongosari (Accenture Labs); Dirk Slama (Bosch Software Innovations); Said Tabet (Dell); Jake Gostylo (Dun & Bradstreet); Shannon Lucas (Ericsson); Garret Miller (GE Current), Jennifer Bennett (Google Cloud); Beverly Rider, Ramachander and Jim Donaldson (Hitachi); Maria Schwenger and Scott Bracken (Honeywell); Wael William Diab (Huawei); Juan Jos\u00e9 Ruiz (IBM), Chris Pendleton, Rimes Mortimer, Clemens Vasters and Ron Zahavi (Microsoft); Shyam Varan Nath (Oracle Corporation); Brad Klenz, Mark Wolff and Gul Edge (SAS); Charles Paumelle (Thales Group), Madhusudan Pai, Josh Ridley, Calvin Smith and Jayraj Nair (Wipro); Philipp Bolliger (Thingstream AG); Stephen Laaper, Helena Lisachuk and Mark Cotteleer (Deloitte) and Ulrich Ahle (Fiware).\nAbout IoTSWC\nThe IoT Solutions World Congress (IoTSWC) is the largest event in the world specialising in the industrial application of the Internet of Things and the only one that combines a commercial exhibition with top level knowledge, testbeds and professional networking. It is organised by Fira de Barcelona in collaboration with the Industrial Internet Consortium. The upcoming congress is expected to bring together 400 exhibiting companies and more than 400 speakers from all over the world, as well as exceeding last year's attendance of 16,000 visitors from over 120 countries.", "URL": "https://www.iot-now.com/2019/09/26/99016-carrefour-uber-hugo-boss-airbus-merck-among-speakers-2019-iotswc/"}, {"Title": "Utilities opt to use cloud-based analytics, despite lack of monetary incentives", "Text": "By Jill Feblowitz May 1, 2019 No Comments\nIt's been over two and a half years since NARUC passed a resolution encouraging state public utility commissions to \"consider whether cloud computing and on premise solutions should receive similar regulatory accounting treatment, in that both would be eligible to earn a rate of return and would be paid for out of a utility's capital budget.\"\nRegardless, investor owned utilities (IOUs) are still wary adopters of cloud services. Cost recovery and guaranteed rate of return for capital expenditures make capital investments more attractive than operating expenses\u2014for the most part, this has always been the case. A cloud based subscription service is treated as an operating expense [1] in most cases. There is some movement, though. Recently, the Illinois Commerce Commission, made progress on proceedings to allow utilities to pre pay for cloud services, amortize costs and derive earnings as a typical asset. Earnings on top of pay as you go were also approved, although that option doesn't have the same level of benefits as pre paid (see Making Cloud Computing and Other Services Pay for Utilities and Customers.)\nWhat this means for cloud analytics: There are less than a handful of states that are addressing cloud services for IOUs. Despite the lack of monetary incentives, utilities are adopting analytics in the cloud. A quick review of UAI membership shows at least 10 major IOUs adopting cloud based solutions at scale to address areas such as asset management, water quality, unaccounted for energy, and customer engagement. This does not include utilities that store data on the cloud but use on premise analytics. (See PG&E's Agile Asset Analytics Teamwork ). The reasons: Access to greater computing capacity; quick set up, especially for Agile teams; lower cost; lower risk of obsolescence; and access to equipment data and models (as in manufacturing companies analytics platforms). Security doesn't seem to be an issue for cloud analytics either. Since cloud analytics are advisory\u2014not control\u2014systems they may pass NERC CIP protected information standards. Analytics platforms are becoming more popular with utilities. Many platform vendors (Microsoft Azure, Cloudera, AWS, etc.) host data and may offer generic data science tools as well (Python, SAS, SPSS, Apache Spark, etc.). Other platforms layer on utility specific industry models to the mix (C3, Predix, ABB's Ellipse APM). Cloud native analytics vendors (eSmart Systems, First Fuel) combine artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) with industry domain expertise and models (for example, asset health and risk models, energy efficiency) in partnership with platform vendors. These solutions are making strides in advancing the adoption curve for AI and ML. In the future, there might not be a lot of alternatives. Cloud applications are de rigueur for traditional enterprise software providers serving the utility industry (SAS, Oracle).\nJill Feblowitz is President of Feblowitz Energy Consulting, where she helps companies in the energy ecosystem with innovation. Ms. Feblowitz has over 30 years in the business, starting with watts (as an electrician) and moving to MW (as a consultant and IT analyst), providing advice on business, regulation, and technology. She has a historical perspective as well as a keen sense of industry game changers \u2013 renewables, distributed energy resources, storage, EVs, smart grid and information/control technologies (Big Data, analytics, edge computing, AI/machine learning, robotics, and more). During her long work history, she has learned how critical analytics are to industry performance.\n[1] This treatment does not apply to municipals. Munis are driven to lower their costs, thus cloud services are attractive.", "URL": "https://utilityanalytics.com/2019/05/utilities-opt-to-use-cloud-based-analytics-despite-lack-of-monetary-incentives/"}, {"Title": "Enterprise Asset Management Software Market is Booming with Market Strategies Adopted by Top Key Players \u2013 Oracle, SAP SE, IBM, ABB, Schneider Electric, Infor | Global Forecast Till 2023", "Text": "Search for: Sep 11 Enterprise Asset Management Software Market is Booming with Market Strategies Adopted by Top Key Players \u2013 Oracle, SAP SE, IBM, ABB, Schneider Electric, Infor | Global Forecast Till 2023 Tech News\nThis report provides in depth study of \"Enterprise Asset Management Software Market\" using SWOT analysis i.e. Strength, Weakness, Opportunities and Threat to the organization. The Enterprise Asset Management Software Market report also provides an in depth survey of key players in the market organization.\nGlobal Enterprise Asset Management Software Market Synopsis:\nThis report studies the Enterprise Asset Management Software Market over the forecast period of 2019 to 2023. The Enterprise Asset Management Software Market is expected to grow at an impressive Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) from 2019 to 2023.\nGet Sample Study Papers of \"Global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market\" @ request/43620.\nThe Global \"Enterprise Asset Management Software Market\" research 2019 highlights the major details and provides in depth analysis of the market along with the future growth, prospects and Industry demands analysis explores with the help of complete report with 90 Pages, figures, graphs and table of contents to analyze the situations of global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market and Assessment to 2023.\nEnterprise Asset Management Software Market report begins from overview of Industry Chain structure, and describes industry environment, then analyses market size and forecast of Enterprise Asset Management Software Market by product, region and application, in addition, this report introduces market competition situation among the vendors and company profile, besides, market price analysis and value chain features are covered in this report. The scope of the report includes a detailed study of Enterprise Asset Management Software Market with the reasons given for variations in the growth of the industry in certain regions.\nEAM, or enterprise asset management software, provides a holistic view of an organization's physical assets and infrastructure throughout their entire lifecycle, from design, commission, or procurement, through to operation, maintenance, disposal, and replacement.\nThere are numerous drivers, restraints and opportunities that are shaping the future of this industry. The growing need for increasing the lifecycle performance of assets indicates that the future of enterprise asset management market is bright. On the other hand, with companies getting more dependent on physical infrastructure, which is capable enough to integrate process as well as information throughout asset lifecycle is highly responsible for driving the market. Advent of cloud deployment model and Big Data integration with enterprise asset management are likely to create business opportunities.\nEnterprise Asset Management Software Market Covers the Table of Contents With Segments, Key Players And Region. Based on Product Type, Enterprise Asset Management Software Linear Assets, Non Linear Assets, Field Service Management (FSM), Assets Maintenance, Repair, and Operations (MRO). On the Basis of Application, Government, Oil and Gas, Healthcare, Transportation and Logistics, Manufacturing, Energy and Utilities, Others.\nMajor Players profiled in the Enterprise Asset Management Software Market report incorporate: IFS AB, Oracle Corporation, SAP SE, International Business Machines Corporation, ABB, CGI Group, Schneider Electric, Infor, Vesta Partners, Emaint, Ramco Systems, Dude Solutions\nIndustry News:\nInfor, a leading provider of industry specific cloud applications, today announced significant enhancements to Infor Enterprise Asset Management (EAM). Designed to help improve asset performance, Infor EAM is a 21st century enterprise asset management solution with rich built in industry specific functionality that uses predictive and preventive technologies to extend asset life and increase efficiency. Infor EAM is a scalable solution that is accessible on any mobile device, can be deployed in the cloud, on premise, or as a hybrid, and is built on modern architecture.\nThe latest iteration has added many important features, including for recording and sending data and added support features.\n\"As organizations continue to realize the importance of preventive and predictive asset management, it becomes more critical that we continue to listen to the feedback from our customers and incorporate that into our product updates and enhancements. This release is a result of continued collaboration between Infor and industry leading customers,\" said Kevin Price, technical product evangelist and product strategist, Infor. \"Available both in the cloud and on premise, Infor EAM 11.4 introduces several new capabilities, and delivers updates to existing capabilities, in order to better support the maintenance requirements and various needs of users across industries.\"\nRequest a Discount on standard prices of this premium report @ discount/43620.\nRegion segment: This report is segmented into several key regions, with sales, revenue, market share (%) and growth Rate (%) of Enterprise Asset Management Software in these regions, from 2014 to 2023 (forecast), covering: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa and South America.\nEnterprise Asset Management Software Market Questions Answered in this Report:\n1 What are the major market drivers, challenges, and opportunities in the global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market?\n2 What was the market value of the leading segments and sub segments of the global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market in 2018?\n3 How will each segment of the global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market grow during the forecast period and what will be the revenue generated by each of the segments by the end of 2023?\n4 What are the influencing factors that may affect the market share of the key players?\n5 How will the industry evolve during the forecast period 2019 2023?\n6 Who are the key players in the Enterprise Asset Management Software Market and end user market and what are their contributions?\nMajor Points in Table of Contents:\nTable of Contents\nGlobal Enterprise Asset Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2023\n1 Industry Overview of Enterprise Asset Management Software\n2 Global Enterprise Asset Management Software Competition Analysis by Players\n3 Company (Top Players) Profiles\n4 Global Enterprise Asset Management Software Market Size by Type and Application (2013 2019)\n5 United States Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n6 EU Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n7 Japan Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n8 China Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n9 India Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n10 Southeast Asia Enterprise Asset Management Software Development Status and Outlook\n11 Market Forecast by Regions, Type and Application (2019 2023)\n12 Enterprise Asset Management Software Market Dynamics\n13 Market Effect Factors Analysis\n14 Research Finding/Conclusion\n15 Appendix", "URL": "https://thewindreports.com/enterprise-asset-management-software-market-is-booming-with-market-strategies-adopted-by-top-key-players-oracle-sap-se-ibm-abb-schneider-electric-infor-global-forecast-till-2023/130766/"}, {"Title": "Microsoft Earns Top Marks in Industrial IoT News - SDxCentral", "Text": "Hacker News Subscribe\nMicrosoft, C3.ai, PTC, and Siemens are leading the industrial IoT (IIoT) market with analytic services to enhance connectivity that enterprises can use with actionable intent, according to new research from Forrester.\nThe firm evaluated industrial IoT software platform providers based on 24 criteria and concluded those four companies offer pre packaged applications that support comprehensive integration capabilities with services that extend greater value to enterprises. Forrester ranked IBM, Software AG, Hitachi, SAP, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Oracle, and GE Digital as \"strong performers,\" followed by Samsung, ABB, and Bosch as \"contenders.\"\n\"While the physical products certainly endure, the companies that built them must change to survive, investing in digital and baking it deeply into everything they do,\" the report notes. \"IoT is core to industrial companies' efforts to bridge the divide between the physical and virtual.\"\nForrester advises enterprises to be deliberate when considering IoT software providers, and encourages organizations to seek out companies that support deployment models from edge to cloud, comprehensive business integration levers, and analytics with actionable intelligence. IoT Table Stakes Are Insufficient\n\"The ability to identify, manage, secure, extract data from, and send commands to large fleets of connected devices is table stakes,\" the report states. \"On their own, these capabilities are insufficient to support the needs of the modern industrial enterprise.\"\nOn the analytics front, Forrester warns that \"many business analysts lack the expertise and tools to evaluation industrial IoT data and translate it into actionable insight. Diverse arrays of data in the cloud , at the edge, and captured from digital twin models require data filtering and streaming analytics to effectively assess and monitor data.\"\nThe industrial IoT space is a massive market and Forrester admits that its latest assessment doesn't represent the entire vendor landscape. Nonetheless, the Microsoft Azure IoT platform earned Forrester's highest marks for its strategy and offering. Microsoft Rapidly Adding Industrial IoT Features\n\"Microsoft's Azure public cloud infrastructure underpins many of the industrial IoT software platforms we considered,\" the report explains. \"Prospective customers see a broad range of increasingly capable solutions but are sometimes bewildered when faced with choosing between assembling Microsoft's building blocks on their own or paying a third party for a solution that has already done that work and added domain specific value.\"\nThe firm also lauded Microsoft for adding features to its IoT platform at an \"impressive rate\" with richer edge capabilities in Azure IoT Edge and simplified application and device onboarding offered by Azure IoT Central. Microsoft does, however, continue to favor products and services from its own portfolio and, as such, \"offers a powerful proposition for those with existing investments in the Azure cloud,\" according to Forrester.\nC3.ai earned high marks for tightly integrating its platform with all major public cloud providers with what it describes as some of the largest IoT deployments in oil and gas, utilities, and defense. PTC was commended for combining IoT with augmented reality and designing its ThingWorx platform to work equally well in the cloud or deployed at the edge. Finally, Siemens earned its spot among the leaders for positioning its MindSphere platform as an open offering for industrial applications with a growing catalog of third party applications.\nForrester based its evaluation on each vendor's current offering, strategy, and market presence. Criteria included connectivity, deployment and security , management console, application enablement functions, analytics, data, partner strategy, innovation roadmaps, platform differentiation, and delivery model. Related Content", "URL": "https://www.sdxcentral.com/articles/news/microsoft-earns-top-marks-in-industrial-iot/2019/11/"}, {"Title": "IoT Solutions World Congress (IoTSWC) | full programme now available.", "Text": "IoT Solutions World Congress (IoTSWC) | full programme now available. Carrefour, Uber, Hugo Boss, Airbus and Merck among the speakers at the 2019 IoTSWC 30.07.2019 IoT Solutions World Congress | 29 31 October in Barcelona The full programme of the IoT Solutions World Congress (IoTSWC) is now available. The event organised by Fira de Barcelona in collaboration with the Industrial Internet Consortium (IIC) will present the experiences of companies using IoT, AI and blockchain solutions, such as Carrefour, Uber, Airbus, Hugo Boss, SNCF R\u00e9seau, Maersk GTD, Merck and Daimler Motors, among others. The executives of technology firms from companies such as Dell, Ericsson, ABB, Google Cloud , Huawei, IBM, Microsoft, SAS, Thingstream AG and Wipro will also participate in the event, as well as renowned analysts, who shall analyse the current state of the digitalisation of industries and the new challenges to be faced.\nThe 2019 IoTSWC will be held from 29th to 31st October at Fira de Barcelona's Gran Via venue and it will focus on nine core themes: technologies facilitating IoT, connected transport; manufacturing; energy and supplies; the health sector; construction and infrastructures; artificial intelligence and blockchain. There will be 200 sessions, including talks, round table discussions and presentations, and more than 400 speakers are expected to participate.\nThe Congress will focus mainly on the best practices and success stories of companies that have implemented IoT, artificial intelligence and blockchain achieving significant competitive advantages to inspire attendees and help identify trends.\nThis is the case of UBER, which will explain how the IoT helps minimise costs when deploying fleets of electric vehicles; or Daimler Motors, which will tackle the IoT revolution in the automotive industry; Carrefour, a pioneer in introducing blockchain technology to learn about the traceability of the food it sells in its establishments; or Airbus, with a blockchain based project to track programmed drone routes and guarantee airspace safety.\nThe French public railway company (SNCF) will present the results obtained after applying predictive maintenance via IoT on its 30,000 km of track, 15,000 trains and 3,000 stations. Fashion firm Hugo Boss will explain how artificial intelligence and automatic learning are changing their production systems, market access and retail sales opportunities. Along with Sainsbury's, a British retailer which applies IoT systems to control the temperature of food.\nBrussels Airport will present its strategies for making passenger travel \"smart\" and \"seamless\" from their arrival at the airport, boarding the plane, crossing the border, collecting luggage to arriving home. The experience of the cities of Kuwait and Doha that have implemented a real time IoT monitoring network to monitor air quality and protect citizens will also be presented.\nThere will also be a 5.0 solution for public toilets in commercial areas, transport centres or service stations, promoted by Roca, which collects key data for improving operations, maintenance, cleaning, water management and client satisfaction. In addition, time will be devoted to analysing the healthcare revolution via IoT, with the examples of the UCSF Health hospital consortium in California and the Radboudumc hospital consortium in the Netherlands. In addition, the results of the Vall d'Hebron Hospital programme, which is monitoring the stress of caregivers of children with neurological disorders through the use of physiological sensors, and the Sanitas Hospital at Home service, which provides safe, high quality and hospital type care to patients in the comfort of their own homes, will be presented through a health platform connected to the IoT.\nFor its part, Legal Aid Ontario corporation responsible for administering the legal aid programme in that Canadian province will present its case for digitalisation and use of blockchain solutions. Along the same lines, Maersk will announce concrete achievements in the use of blockchain in the maritime transport industry and the cost savings it represents.\nThe 2019 IoTSWC will analyse the implementation status of artificial intelligence and automatic learning technologies for process improvement. It will also address issues related to standardisation, as well as ethical aspects and social responsibilities that arise at the beginning of the era of smart machines. In this regard, it will also address the relationship and role of people and machines in Industry 4.0 to improve safety, productivity and processes.\nIn addition, IoT enabling technologies will be discussed from the experiences contributed by companies from different industrial sectors. Special attention will be given to the potential provided by \"Digital Twins\", one of the main strategic trends in the industrial IoT. Also noteworthy will be the talk given by Joe Barkai, author of The Outcome Economy: How the Industrial Internet of Things is Transforming Every Business, who will reflect on the development of artificial intelligence. Leading companies\nAt the same time, executives from global companies providing solutions to digitise all types of industries will participate. The list of speakers includes: K. Eric Harper, Zoya Alexeeva and Bernd Heistercamp (ABB); Teresa Tung and Edy Liongosari (Accenture Labs); Dirk Slama (Bosch Software Innovations); Said Tabet (Dell); Jake Gostylo (Dun & Bradstreet); Shannon Lucas (Ericsson); Garret Miller (GE Current), Jennifer Bennett (Google Cloud); Beverly Rider, Ramachander and Jim Donaldson (Hitachi); Maria Schwenger and Scott Bracken (Honeywell); Wael William Diab (Huawei); Juan Jos\u00e9 Ruiz (IBM), Chris Pendleton, Rimes Mortimer, Clemens Vasters and Ron Zahavi (Microsoft); Shyam Varan Nath (Oracle Corporation); Brad Klenz, Mark Wolff and Gul Edge (SAS); Charles Paumelle (Thales Group), Madhusudan Pai, Josh Ridley, Calvin Smith and Jayraj Nair (Wipro); Philipp Bolliger (Thingstream AG); Stephen Laaper, Helena Lisachuk and Mark Cotteleer (Deloitte) and Ulrich Ahle (Fiware).", "URL": "https://www.technik-medien.at/2019/07/30/iot-solutions-world-congress-iotswc-full-programme-now-available/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "ABB Ltd", "industry": "Electronics", "segment": "Industry", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Microsoft Corporation", "intensity": 6.0, "score": 14249, "relationshipStrength": "Satisfactory", "news": [{"Title": "Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Market to Hit USD 4.5 Bn by 2026, Growing at Over 20%: Global Market Insights, Inc.", "Text": "Key data center infrastructure management market players are Vertiv Co., CommScope, Inc., Rittal GmbH & Co., KG, STULZ GmbH, Siemens AG, Schneider Electric, Cisco Systems, Inc., CA Technologies, and ABB Ltd. Press Release updated: Nov 14, 2019 06:00 EST\nSELBYVILLE, Del., November 14, 2019 (Newswire.com) According to the latest report \"Global DCIM Market by Component (Solution [Asset Management, Network Management, Cooling Management, Power Management, Security Management], Service [Installation & Integration, Managed, Consulting]), End Use (Colocation, BFSI, Energy, Government, Healthcare, Manufacturing, IT & Telecom), Regional Outlook, Competitive Market Share & Forecast 2026\" , by Global Market Insights, Inc., the market valuation of data center infrastructure management will cross $4.5 billion by 2026. Rising data center IP traffic and increasing demand for intelligent physical infrastructure for supporting IT assets will drive the market growth over the forecast timespan.\nRequest for a sample of this research report @\nhttps://www.gminsights.com/request sample/detail/2496\nSome major findings of the DCIMmarket report are:\n\u00d8 Increase in consumer and business applications is contributing to the growing dominance of cloud services globally. The growing adoption of social networking, streaming video, and internet searches along with business applications, such as Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), collaboration, and digital analytics applications, are increasing data generation.\n\u00d8 According to Cisco Systems, it is estimated that the global data center IP traffic will reach 19.5 ZB by the end of 2021, up from 6.0 ZB per year in 2016.\n\u00d8 Rising data traffic and the need to manage massive data & cloud resources are encouraging companies to invest in the construction of hyperscale data centers globally.\n\u00d8 Key players operating in the data center infrastructure management market are Vertiv Co., CommScope, Inc., Rittal GmbH & Co., KG, STULZ GmbH, Siemens AG, Schneider Electric, Cisco Systems, Inc., CA Technologies, and ABB Ltd.\n\u00d8 Players are focusing on the development of advanced features and functionality in DCIM software.\n\u00d8 The growing trend of virtualization impacting data centers led to the increased demand for DCIM systems for managing IT infrastructure and physical resources for virtualized environments.\nThe growing adoption of cloud computing resources has led to increased demand for the construction of data centers. Players are investing highly in the construction of new hyperscale data centers, propelling the demand to efficiently monitor and evaluate data center components and infrastructure, thereby driving the DCIM market growth. For instance, in March 2018, Facebook announced to invest USD 750 million for the construction of a hyperscale data center facility in Newton County, Atlanta. Additionally, according to Cisco Global Cloud Index, 2015\u20132020, the number of hyperscale data center facilities globally is expected to grow from 338 in 2016 to 628 by 2021, majorly in the U.S. and China, followed by Japan, the UK, and Germany.\nMake an Inquiry for purchasing this report @\nhttps://www.gminsights.com/inquiry before buying/2496\nIn 2018, managed services accounted for around 35% of the data center infrastructure management market share. These services allow businesses to manage and secure critical IT services including colocation & data centers, Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), and cloud computing. Service providers are helping data center operators in effectively managing resources by providing visibility and control of their inventory and IT infrastructure assets. Moreover, outsourcing these solutions offers several benefits, such as planning & management, enhanced power tracking, control & operational optimization, capacity utilization, and reporting capabilities, to support global expansion.\nHealthcare applications in the (DCIM) data center infrastructure management market will grow at 20% CAGR over the forecast timeline due to the increase in investments in healthcare infrastructure and the need to scale data center capacities. This growth is largely facilitated by the increase in data collected by medical practitioners such as the complete medical history of a patient, prescriptions & diagnosis information, and information of the doctor or the surgeon. In such cases, the need for effective DCIM software is vital to the operations of the industry.\nThere is a growing adoption of cloud computing, big data, and IoT technology in Latin America. Cloud service providers, such as Microsoft Corporation and Google LLC, have increased data center construction activities in the region. Such companies are investing highly in these solutions to monitor the operations of high density components and reduce operational costs. These solutions provide regular maintenance of the infrastructure and reduce infrastructure energy consumption, which will help enterprises in improving efficiency.\nBrowse key industry insights spread across 250 pages with 277 market data tables and 31 figures & charts from the report, \"Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Market 2019 2026\" in detail along with the table of contents @\nTable of Contents (ToC) of the report:\nChapter 3. DCIM Market Insights\n3.1. Industry segmentation\n3.2. Industry landscape, 2015 \u2013 2026\n3.2.1. Data center industry landscape\n3.2.2. Data center infrastructure industry landscape\n3.3. Industry ecosystem analysis", "URL": "https://www.newswire.com/news/data-center-infrastructure-management-dcim-market-to-hit-usd-4-5-bn-by-21033530"}, {"Title": "Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Market to Hit USD 4.5 Bn by 2026, Growing at Over 20%: Global Market Insights, Inc.", "Text": "Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Market to Hit USD 4.5 Bn by 2026, Growing at Over 20%: Global Market Insights, Inc. [November 14, 2019] Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Market to Hit USD 4.5 Bn by 2026, Growing at Over 20%: Global Market Insights, Inc.\nSELBYVILLE, Del. According to the latest report \"Global DCIM Market by Component (Solution [Asset Management, Network Management, Cooling Management, Power Management, Security Management], Service [Installation & Integration, Managed, Consulting]), End Use (Colocation, BFSI, Energy, Government, Healthcare, Manufacturing, IT & Telecom), Regional Outlook, Competitive Market Share & Forecast 2026\" , by Global Market Insights, Inc., the market valuation of data center infrastructure management will cross $4.5 billion by 2026. Rising data center IP traffic and increasing demand for intelligent physical infrastructure for supporting IT assets will drive the market growth over the forecast timespan.\nRequest for a sample of this research report @\nhttps://www.gminsights.com/request sample/detail/2496\nSome major findings of the DCIM market report are:\n\u00d8 Increase in consumer and business applications is contributing to the growing dominance of cloud services globally. The growing adoption of social networking, streaming video, and internet searches along with business applications, such as Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), collaboration, and digital analytics applications, are increasing data generation.\n\u00d8 According to Cisco Systems, it is estimated that the global data center IP traffic will reach 19.5 ZB by the end of 2021, up from 6.0 ZB per year in 2016.\n\u00d8 Rising data traffic and the need to manage massive data & cloud resources are encouraging companies to invest in the construction of hyperscale data centers globally.\n\u00d8 Key players operating in the data center infrastructure management market are Vertiv Co., CommScope, Inc., Rittal GmbH & Co., KG, STULZ GmbH, Siemens AG, Schneider Electric, Cisco Systems, Inc., CA Technologies, and ABB Ltd.\n\u00d8 Players are focusing on the development of advanced features and functionality in DCIM software.\n\u00d8 The growing trend of virtualization impacting data centers led to the increased demand for DCIM systems for managing IT infrastructure and physical resources for virtualized environments.\nThe growing adoption of cloud computing resources has led to increased demand for the construction of data centers. Players are investing highly in the construction of new hyperscale data centers, propelling the demand to efficiently monitor and evaluate data center components and infrastructure, thereby driving the DCIM market growth. For instance, in March 2018 , Facebook announced to invest USD 750 million for the construction of a hyperscale data center facility in Newton County , Atlanta. Additionally, according to Cisco Global Cloud Index, 2015\u20132020, the number of hyperscale data center facilities globally is expected to grow from 338 in 2016 to 628 by 2021, majorly in the U.S. and China , followed by Japan , the UK, and Germany.\nMake an Inquiry for purchasing this report @\nhttps://www.gminsights.com/inquiry before buying/2496\nIn 2018, managed services accounted for around 35% of the data center infrastructure management market share. These services allow businesses to manage and secure critical IT services including colocation & data centers, Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), and cloud computing. Service providers are helping data center operators in effectively managing resources by providing visibility and control of their inventory and IT infrastructure assets. Moreover, outsourcing these solutions offers several benefits, such as planning & management, enhanced power tracking, control & operational optimization, capacity utilization, and reporting capabilities, to support global expansion.\nHealthcare applications in the (DCIM) data center infrastructure management market will grow at 20% CAGR over the forecast timeline due to the increase in investments in healthcare infrastructure and the need to scale data center capacities. This growth is largely facilitated by the increase in data collected by medical practitioners such as the complete medical history of a patient, prescriptions & diagnosis information, and information of the doctor or the surgeon. In such cases, the need for effective DCIM software is vital to the operations of the industry.\nThere is a growing adoption of cloud computing, big data, and IoT technology in Latin America. Cloud service providers, such as Microsoft Corporation and Google LLC, have increased data center construction activities in the region. Such companies are investing highly in these solutions to monitor the operations of high density components and reduce operational costs. These solutions provide regular maintenance of the infrastructure and reduce infrastructure energy consumption, which will help enterprises in improving efficiency.\nBrowse key industry insights spread across 250 pages with 277 market data tables and 31 figures & charts from the report, \"Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Market 2019 2026\" in detail along with the table of contents @\nTable of Contents (ToC) of the report:\nChapter 3. DCIM Market Insights\n3.1. Industry segmentation\n3.2. Industry landscape, 2015 \u2013 2026\n3.2.1. Data center industry landscape\n3.2.2. Data center infrastructure industry landscape\n3.3. Industry ecosystem analysis", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/11/14/9053211.htm"}, {"Title": "Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Market to Hit USD 4.5 Bn by 2026, Growing at Over 20%: Global Market Insights, Inc.", "Text": "Sverige Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Market to Hit USD 4.5 Bn by 2026, Growing at Over 20%: Global Market Insights, Inc. Key data center infrastructure management market players are Vertiv Co., CommScope, Inc., Rittal GmbH & Co., KG, STULZ GmbH, Siemens AG, Schneider Electric, Cisco Systems, Inc., CA Technologies, and ABB Ltd. News provided by Nov 14, 2019, 06:00 ET Share this article\nSELBYVILLE, Del. , Nov. 14, 2019 /PRNewswire/ According to the latest report \"Global DCIM Market by Component (Solution [Asset Management, Network Management, Cooling Management, Power Management, Security Management], Service [Installation & Integration, Managed, Consulting]), End Use (Colocation, BFSI, Energy, Government, Healthcare, Manufacturing, IT & Telecom), Regional Outlook, Competitive Market Share & Forecast 2026\" , by Global Market Insights, Inc., the market valuation of data center infrastructure management will cross $4.5 billion by 2026. Rising data center IP traffic and increasing demand for intelligent physical infrastructure for supporting IT assets will drive the market growth over the forecast timespan. Healthcare applications in the (DCIM) data center infrastructure management market will grow at 20% CAGR over the forecast timeline due to the increase in investments in healthcare infrastructure and the need to scale data center capacities.\nRequest for a sample of this research report @\nhttps://www.gminsights.com/request sample/detail/2496\nSome major findings of the DCIM market report are:\n\u00d8 Increase in consumer and business applications is contributing to the growing dominance of cloud services globally. The growing adoption of social networking, streaming video, and internet searches along with business applications, such as Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), collaboration, and digital analytics applications, are increasing data generation.\n\u00d8 According to Cisco Systems, it is estimated that the global data center IP traffic will reach 19.5 ZB by the end of 2021, up from 6.0 ZB per year in 2016.\n\u00d8 Rising data traffic and the need to manage massive data & cloud resources are encouraging companies to invest in the construction of hyperscale data centers globally.\n\u00d8 Key players operating in the data center infrastructure management market are Vertiv Co., CommScope, Inc., Rittal GmbH & Co., KG, STULZ GmbH, Siemens AG, Schneider Electric, Cisco Systems, Inc., CA Technologies, and ABB Ltd.\n\u00d8 Players are focusing on the development of advanced features and functionality in DCIM software.\n\u00d8 The growing trend of virtualization impacting data centers led to the increased demand for DCIM systems for managing IT infrastructure and physical resources for virtualized environments.\nThe growing adoption of cloud computing resources has led to increased demand for the construction of data centers. Players are investing highly in the construction of new hyperscale data centers, propelling the demand to efficiently monitor and evaluate data center components and infrastructure, thereby driving the DCIM market growth. For instance, in March 2018 , Facebook announced to invest USD 750 million for the construction of a hyperscale data center facility in Newton County , Atlanta. Additionally, according to Cisco Global Cloud Index, 2015\u20132020, the number of hyperscale data center facilities globally is expected to grow from 338 in 2016 to 628 by 2021, majorly in the U.S. and China , followed by Japan , the UK, and Germany.\nMake an Inquiry for purchasing this report @\nhttps://www.gminsights.com/inquiry before buying/2496\nIn 2018, managed services accounted for around 35% of the data center infrastructure management market share. These services allow businesses to manage and secure critical IT services including colocation & data centers, Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), and cloud computing. Service providers are helping data center operators in effectively managing resources by providing visibility and control of their inventory and IT infrastructure assets. Moreover, outsourcing these solutions offers several benefits, such as planning & management, enhanced power tracking, control & operational optimization, capacity utilization, and reporting capabilities, to support global expansion.\nHealthcare applications in the (DCIM) data center infrastructure management market will grow at 20% CAGR over the forecast timeline due to the increase in investments in healthcare infrastructure and the need to scale data center capacities. This growth is largely facilitated by the increase in data collected by medical practitioners such as the complete medical history of a patient, prescriptions & diagnosis information, and information of the doctor or the surgeon. In such cases, the need for effective DCIM software is vital to the operations of the industry.\nThere is a growing adoption of cloud computing, big data, and IoT technology in Latin America. Cloud service providers, such as Microsoft Corporation and Google LLC, have increased data center construction activities in the region. Such companies are investing highly in these solutions to monitor the operations of high density components and reduce operational costs. These solutions provide regular maintenance of the infrastructure and reduce infrastructure energy consumption, which will help enterprises in improving efficiency.\nBrowse key industry insights spread across 250 pages with 277 market data tables and 31 figures & charts from the report, \"Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Market 2019 2026\" in detail along with the table of contents @\nTable of Contents (ToC) of the report:\nChapter 3. DCIM Market Insights\n3.1. Industry segmentation\n3.2. Industry landscape, 2015 \u2013 2026\n3.2.1. Data center industry landscape\n3.2.2. Data center infrastructure industry landscape\n3.3. Industry ecosystem analysis", "URL": "https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/data-center-infrastructure-management-dcim-market-to-hit-usd-4-5-bn-by-2026--growing-at-over-20-global-market-insights-inc-300958001.html"}, {"Title": "Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Market to Hit USD 4.5 Bn by 2026, Growing at Over 20%: Global Market Insights, Inc.", "Text": "Key data center infrastructure management market players are Vertiv Co., CommScope, Inc., Rittal GmbH & Co., KG, STULZ GmbH, Siemens AG, Schneider Electric, Cisco Systems, Inc., CA Technologies, and ABB Ltd.\nSELBYVILLE, Del.\n\u200bAccording to the latest report \"Global DCIM Market by Component (Solution [Asset Management, Network Management, Cooling Management, Power Management, Security Management], Service [Installation & Integration, Managed, Consulting]), End Use (Colocation, BFSI, Energy, Government, Healthcare, Manufacturing, IT & Telecom), Regional Outlook, Competitive Market Share & Forecast 2026\" , by Global Market Insights, Inc., the market valuation of data center infrastructure management will cross $4.5 billion by 2026. Rising data center IP traffic and increasing demand for intelligent physical infrastructure for supporting IT assets will drive the market growth over the forecast timespan.\nRequest for a sample of this research report @\nhttps://www.gminsights.com/request sample/detail/2496\nSome major findings of the DCIM market report are:\n\u00d8 Increase in consumer and business applications is contributing to the growing dominance of cloud services globally. The growing adoption of social networking, streaming video, and internet searches along with business applications, such as Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), collaboration, and digital analytics applications, are increasing data generation.\n\u00d8 According to Cisco Systems, it is estimated that the global data center IP traffic will reach 19.5 ZB by the end of 2021, up from 6.0 ZB per year in 2016.\n\u00d8 Rising data traffic and the need to manage massive data & cloud resources are encouraging companies to invest in the construction of hyperscale data centers globally.\n\u00d8 Key players operating in the data center infrastructure management market are Vertiv Co., CommScope, Inc., Rittal GmbH & Co., KG, STULZ GmbH, Siemens AG, Schneider Electric, Cisco Systems, Inc., CA Technologies, and ABB Ltd.\n\u00d8 Players are focusing on the development of advanced features and functionality in DCIM software.\n\u00d8 The growing trend of virtualization impacting data centers led to the increased demand for DCIM systems for managing IT infrastructure and physical resources for virtualized environments.\nThe growing adoption of cloud computing resources has led to increased demand for the construction of data centers. Players are investing highly in the construction of new hyperscale data centers, propelling the demand to efficiently monitor and evaluate data center components and infrastructure, thereby driving the DCIM market growth. For instance, in March 2018, Facebook announced to invest USD 750 million for the construction of a hyperscale data center facility in Newton County, Atlanta. Additionally, according to Cisco Global Cloud Index, 2015\u20132020, the number of hyperscale data center facilities globally is expected to grow from 338 in 2016 to 628 by 2021, majorly in the U.S. and China, followed by Japan, the UK, and Germany.\nMake an Inquiry for purchasing this report @\nhttps://www.gminsights.com/inquiry before buying/2496\nIn 2018, managed services accounted for around 35% of the data center infrastructure management market share. These services allow businesses to manage and secure critical IT services including colocation & data centers, Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), and cloud computing. Service providers are helping data center operators in effectively managing resources by providing visibility and control of their inventory and IT infrastructure assets. Moreover, outsourcing these solutions offers several benefits, such as planning & management, enhanced power tracking, control & operational optimization, capacity utilization, and reporting capabilities, to support global expansion.\nHealthcare applications in the (DCIM) data center infrastructure management market will grow at 20% CAGR over the forecast timeline due to the increase in investments in healthcare infrastructure and the need to scale data center capacities. This growth is largely facilitated by the increase in data collected by medical practitioners such as the complete medical history of a patient, prescriptions & diagnosis information, and information of the doctor or the surgeon. In such cases, the need for effective DCIM software is vital to the operations of the industry.\nThere is a growing adoption of cloud computing, big data, and IoT technology in Latin America. Cloud service providers, such as Microsoft Corporation and Google LLC, have increased data center construction activities in the region. Such companies are investing highly in these solutions to monitor the operations of high density components and reduce operational costs. These solutions provide regular maintenance of the infrastructure and reduce infrastructure energy consumption, which will help enterprises in improving efficiency.\nBrowse key industry insights spread across 250 pages with 277 market data tables and 31 figures & charts from the report, \"Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Market 2019 2026\" in detail along with the table of contents @\nhttps://www.gminsights.com/industry analysis/data center infrastructure management market\nTable of Contents (ToC) of the report:\nChapter 3. DCIM Market Insights\n3.1. Industry segmentation\n3.2. Industry landscape, 2015 \u2013 2026\n3.2.1. Data center industry landscape\n3.2.2. Data center infrastructure industry landscape\n3.3. Industry ecosystem analysis\n3.3.1. Software developers\n3.3.2. Technology providers\n3.3.3. Network providers\n3.3.4. System integrators\n3.3.5. Service providers\n3.3.6. Distribution channel\n3.3.7. Vendor matrix\n3.4. Technology & innovation landscape\n3.4.1. Computational fluid dynamics\n3.4.2. Edge and hyperscale data centers\n3.4.3. Integration through APIs\n3.5. Network readiness and internet penetration\n3.5.1. North America\n3.5.2. Europe\n3.5.3. Asia Pacific\n3.5.4. South America\n3.5.5. MEA\n3.6. Regulatory landscape\n3.6.1. North America\n3.6.2. Europe\n3.6.3. Asia Pacific\n3.6.4. South America\n3.6.5. MEA\n3.7. Industry impact forces\n3.7.1. Growth drivers\n3.7.2. Industry pitfalls & challenges\n3.8. Growth potential analysis\n3.9. Porter's analysis\n3.10. Competitive landscape, 2018\n3.11. PESTEL Analysis\nBrowse Complete Table of Contents (ToC) @\nhttps://www.gminsights.com/toc/detail/data center infrastructure management market\nAbout Global Market Insights\nGlobal Market Insights, Inc., headquartered in Delaware, U.S., is a global market research and consulting service provider; offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals, advanced materials, technology, renewable energy and biotechnology.\nContact Us:\nArun Hegde\nCorporate Sales, USA\nGlobal Market Insights, Inc.\nPhone: 1 302 846 7766\nToll Free: 1 888 689 0688\nEmail: sales@gminsights.com\nRelated Links\nInfographic: Data Center Infrastructure Market 2018 2024 Report\nData Center Colocation Market Size\n Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Market to Hit USD 4.5 Bn by 2026, Growing at Over 20%: Global Market Insights, Inc.", "URL": "http://business.wapakdailynews.com/wapakdailynews/news/read/39133478/data_center_infrastructure_management_"}, {"Title": "Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Marke", "Text": "Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Market to Hit USD 4.5 Bn by 2026, Growing at Over 20%: Global Market Insights, Inc. noviembre 14, 2019 Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Market to Hit USD 4.5 Bn by 2026, Growing at Over 20%: Global Market Insights, Inc. 2019 11 14T06: SELBYVILLE, Del. , Nov. 14, 2019 /PRNewswire/ \u2014 According to the latest report \u00abGlobal DCIM Market by Component (Solution [Asset Management, Network Management, Cooling Management, Power Management, Security Management], Service [Installation & Integration, Managed, Consulting]), End Use (Colocation, BFSI, Energy, Government, Healthcare, Manufacturing, IT & Telecom), Regional Outlook, Competitive Market Share & Forecast 2026\u00bb , by Global Market Insights, Inc., the market valuation of data center infrastructure management will cross $4.5 billion by 2026. Rising data center IP traffic and increasing demand for intelligent physical infrastructure for supporting IT assets will drive the market growth over the forecast timespan.\nRequest for a sample of this research report @\nhttps://www.gminsights.com/request sample/detail/2496\nSome major findings of the DCIM market report are:\n\u00d8 Increase in consumer and business applications is contributing to the growing dominance of cloud services globally. The growing adoption of social networking, streaming video, and internet searches along with business applications, such as Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), collaboration, and digital analytics applications, are increasing data generation.\n\u00d8 According to Cisco Systems, it is estimated that the global data center IP traffic will reach 19.5 ZB by the end of 2021, up from 6.0 ZB per year in 2016.\n\u00d8 Rising data traffic and the need to manage massive data & cloud resources are encouraging companies to invest in the construction of hyperscale data centers globally.\n\u00d8 Key players operating in the data center infrastructure management market are Vertiv Co., CommScope, Inc., Rittal GmbH & Co., KG, STULZ GmbH, Siemens AG, Schneider Electric, Cisco Systems, Inc., CA Technologies, and ABB Ltd.\n\u00d8 Players are focusing on the development of advanced features and functionality in DCIM software.\n\u00d8 The growing trend of virtualization impacting data centers led to the increased demand for DCIM systems for managing IT infrastructure and physical resources for virtualized environments.\nThe growing adoption of cloud computing resources has led to increased demand for the construction of data centers. Players are investing highly in the construction of new hyperscale data centers, propelling the demand to efficiently monitor and evaluate data center components and infrastructure, thereby driving the DCIM market growth. For instance, in March 2018 , Facebook announced to invest USD 750 million for the construction of a hyperscale data center facility in Newton County , Atlanta. Additionally, according to Cisco Global Cloud Index, 2015\u20132020, the number of hyperscale data center facilities globally is expected to grow from 338 in 2016 to 628 by 2021, majorly in the U.S. and China , followed by Japan , the UK, and Germany.\nMake an Inquiry for purchasing this report @\nhttps://www.gminsights.com/inquiry before buying/2496\nIn 2018, managed services accounted for around 35% of the data center infrastructure management market share. These services allow businesses to manage and secure critical IT services including colocation & data centers, Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), and cloud computing. Service providers are helping data center operators in effectively managing resources by providing visibility and control of their inventory and IT infrastructure assets. Moreover, outsourcing these solutions offers several benefits, such as planning & management, enhanced power tracking, control & operational optimization, capacity utilization, and reporting capabilities, to support global expansion.\nHealthcare applications in the (DCIM) data center infrastructure management market will grow at 20% CAGR over the forecast timeline due to the increase in investments in healthcare infrastructure and the need to scale data center capacities. This growth is largely facilitated by the increase in data collected by medical practitioners such as the complete medical history of a patient, prescriptions & diagnosis information, and information of the doctor or the surgeon. In such cases, the need for effective DCIM software is vital to the operations of the industry.\nThere is a growing adoption of cloud computing, big data, and IoT technology in Latin America. Cloud service providers, such as Microsoft Corporation and Google LLC, have increased data center construction activities in the region. Such companies are investing highly in these solutions to monitor the operations of high density components and reduce operational costs. These solutions provide regular maintenance of the infrastructure and reduce infrastructure energy consumption, which will help enterprises in improving efficiency.\nBrowse key industry insights spread across 250 pages with 277 market data tables and 31 figures & charts from the report, \u00abData Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM) Market 2019 2026\u00bb in detail along with the table of contents @\nhttps://www.gminsights.com/industry analysis/data center infrastructure management market\nTable of Contents (ToC) of the report:\nChapter 3. DCIM Market Insights\n3.1. Industry segmentation\n3.2. Industry landscape, 2015 \u2013 2026\n3.2.1. Data center industry landscape\n3.2.2. Data center infrastructure industry landscape\n3.3. Industry ecosystem analysis\n3.3.1. Software developers\n3.3.2. Technology providers\n3.3.3. Network providers\n3.3.4. System integrators\n3.3.5. Service providers\n3.3.6. Distribution channel\n3.3.7. Vendor matrix\n3.4. Technology & innovation landscape\n3.4.1. Computational fluid dynamics\n3.4.2. Edge and hyperscale data centers\n3.4.3. Integration through APIs\n3.5. Network readiness and internet penetration\n3.5.1. North America\n3.5.2. Europe\n3.5.3. Asia Pacific\n3.5.4. South America\n3.5.5. MEA\n3.6. Regulatory landscape\n3.6.1. North America\n3.6.2. Europe\n3.6.3. Asia Pacific\n3.6.4. South America\n3.6.5. MEA\n3.7. Industry impact forces\n3.7.1. Growth drivers\n3.7.2. Industry pitfalls & challenges\n3.8. Growth potential analysis\n3.9. Porter's analysis\n3.10. Competitive landscape, 2018\n3.11. PESTEL Analysis\nBrowse Complete Table of Contents (ToC) @\nhttps://www.gminsights.com/toc/detail/data center infrastructure management market\nAbout Global Market Insights\nGlobal Market Insights, Inc., headquartered in Delaware , U.S., is a global market research and consulting service provider; offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals, advanced materials, technology, renewable energy and biotechnology.\nContact Us:\nArun Hegde\nCorporate Sales, USA\nGlobal Market Insights, Inc.\nPhone: 1 302 846 7766\nToll Free: 1 888 689 0688\nEmail: sales@gminsights.com\nRelated Images\nglobal dcim market to register.jpg\nGlobal DCIM Market to register gains at around 20% to 2026: GMI\nHealthcare applications in the (DCIM) data center infrastructure management market will grow at 20% CAGR over the forecast timeline due to the increase in investments in healthcare infrastructure and the need to scale data center capacities.\nRelated Links\nInfographic: Data Center Infrastructure Market 2018 \u2013 2024 Report\nData Center Colocation Market Size\n releases/data center infrastructure management dcim market to hit usd 4 5 bn by 2026\u2013growing at over 20 global market insights inc 300958001.html\nSOURCE Global Market Insights Inc.\n\u00ab Ascensia Diabetes Care celebra el papel de las familias en apoyar a las personas con diabetes Federaci\u00f3n Internacional para la Diabetes: los datos m\u00e1s recientes muestran que actualmente 463 millones de personas viven con diabetes en todo el mundo, cifra que va en aumento \u00bb", "URL": "http://delawarelatinonews.com/data-center-infrastructure-management-dcim-market-to-hit-usd-4-5-bn-by-2026-growing-at-over-20-global-market-insights-inc/"}, {"Title": "Industry 4.0 Market Size, Share, Development by 2025 \u2013 Amazing Newspaper - Industrial Internet Of Things", "Text": "Industry 4.0 Market Size, Share, Development by 2025 \u2013 Amazing Newspaper Published May 21, 2019 by admin Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Like Us On Facebook Recent Posts What's driving the Industry 4.0 Market growth and Share? Key Players are: ABB Ltd., Basler AG, Cognex Corporation, General Electric Company, Denso Group, Microsoft Corporation \u2013 openPR Tag Cloud", "URL": "https://www.industrialinternetofthings.net/news/industry-4-0-market-size-share-development-by-2025-amazing-newspaper/"}, {"Title": "Data Center Automation Market Set for Rapid Expansion during the Forecast Period 2019-2027 | ABB, Apstra, BMC Software, Cisco, Chef, Dell, Fujitsu, Microsoft", "Text": "Press Releases Data Center Automation Market Set for Rapid Expansion during the Forecast Period 2019 2027 | ABB, Apstra, BMC Software, Cisco, Chef, Dell, Fujitsu, Microsoft\nData center automation facilitates unattended implementation of critical processes and workflows on the servers or data equipment. It also helps in scheduling regular data center processes, configuration of standardized infrastructure resources, proper monitoring on components of the data centers and automatically sending an alert. Data center automation automate the services and offers consistency while lowering human error.\nThe enterprises are seeking for advanced automation solutions for their data centers. In addition, suppliers are also building their offerings which includes enhanced artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies to modify the processes. These factor are heavily influencing the data center automation market to propel over the years. Moreover, rapid use of cloud computing big data, online gaming, and other social websites are increasing vast amount of data which requires adequate automation to business activities. Therefore, high use of internet based applications is forecasted to offer ample of opportunities to the players operating in the data center automation market.\n //www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW00012547589/sample\nSome of the key players of Data Center Automation Market: ABB LTD.", "URL": "https://empowerednews.net/data-center-automation-market-set-for-rapid-expansion-during-the-forecast-period-2019-2027-abb-apstra-bmc-software-cisco-chef-dell-fujitsu-microsoft/181631493/"}, {"Title": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets\u2122", "Text": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets [October 31, 2019] Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets \nCHICAGO , Oct. 31, 2019 /PRNewswire/ According to a new market research report \" Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by Component (Solutions (EAM, Enterprise Applications, EHS, and Security) and Services), Deployment Type (Private and Public Cloud), Operation (Upstream, Midstream, and Downstream), and Region Global Forecast to 2024\" , published by MarketsandMarkets , the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market size is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. Major factors fueling the market growth include the growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data and lower operational costs, and increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations.\nBrowse in depth TOC on \"Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market\"123 \u2013 Tables\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=246803500\nThe upstream operation segment to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market is segmented by operation into upstream, midstream, and downstream. The upstream sector is working hard to leverage big data to gain significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data. Hence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption at a rapid pace for achieving cost efficiency and increasing time to market.\nBy service, the training, support, and maintenance segment to grow at a higher highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by service is segmented into consulting and implementation services, and training, support, and maintenance services. The traning, support, and maintenance services segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period, as it helps oil and gas companies choose the most suitable cloud based solutions, depending on the requirements of their businesses and end users. Consulting services assist clients in maximizing their Return on Investment (RoI) by investing in suitable AI technologies.\nEurope to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nEurope is dominating the Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market, as it is the fourth largest producer of oil and gas and is already on its way to digital transformation. The oil and gas cloud applications industry in Europe is expected to witness high growth, owing to the presence of major vendors. These vendors either have a direct presence through corporate offices and Research and Development (R&D) centers or an indirect presence through sales and distribution channel partners.\nRequest for Sample Pages:\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsampleNew.asp?id=246803500\nMajor vendors in the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market include Microsoft (US), IBM (US), SAP ( Germany ), Oracle (US), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Solutions (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum Software (US).\nBrowse Adjacent Markets: Cloud Computing Market Research Reports & Consulting\nBrowse Related Report:\nCloud Applications Market by Type (Analytics, CRM, Finance and Accounting, Content management, Collaboration, eCommerce, HCM, ERP, PPM, Procurement and Distribution, Legal and Risk Management, Other Applications) \u2013 Global Forecast to 2019 https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud applications market 77759796.html\nAbout MarketsandMarkets \nMarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions.\nOur 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model \u2013 GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.\nMarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.\nContact:", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/10/31/9045146.htm"}, {"Title": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 - Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets", "Text": "Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market Worth $9.4 Billion by 2024 Exclusive Report by MarketsandMarkets\nCHICAGO , Oct. 31, 2019 /PRNewswire/ According to a new market research report \" Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by Component (Solutions (EAM, Enterprise Applications, EHS, and Security) and Services), Deployment Type (Private and Public Cloud), Operation (Upstream, Midstream, and Downstream), and Region Global Forecast to 2024\" , published by MarketsandMarkets, the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market size is expected to grow from USD 4.9 billion in 2019 to USD 9.4 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.2% during the forecast period. Major factors fueling the market growth include the growing adoption of private cloud for encryption of data and lower operational costs, and increasing demand for mobility enabled cloud applications to gain real time visibility of oil and gas operations.\nBrowse in depth TOC on \"Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market\"123 Tables\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=246803500\nThe upstream operation segment to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market is segmented by operation into upstream, midstream, and downstream. The upstream sector is working hard to leverage big data to gain significant insights from the surge of structured and unstructured data. Hence, the upstream sector is moving toward cloud adoption at a rapid pace for achieving cost efficiency and increasing time to market.\nBy service, the training, support, and maintenance segment to grow at a higher highest CAGR during the forecast period\nThe Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market by service is segmented into consulting and implementation services, and training, support, and maintenance services. The training, support, and maintenance services segment is expected to grow at a rapid pace during the forecast period, as it helps oil and gas companies choose the most suitable cloud based solutions, depending on the requirements of their businesses and end users. Consulting services assist clients in maximizing their Return on Investment (RoI) by investing in suitable AI technologies.\nEurope to hold the largest market size during the forecast period\nEurope is dominating the Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market, as it is the fourth largest producer of oil and gas and is already on its way to digital transformation. The oil and gas cloud applications industry in Europe is expected to witness high growth, owing to the presence of major vendors. These vendors either have a direct presence through corporate offices and Research and Development (R&D) centers or an indirect presence through sales and distribution channel partners.\nRequest for Sample Pages:\nhttps://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsampleNew.asp?id=246803500\nMajor vendors in the global Oil and Gas Cloud Applications Market include Microsoft (US), IBM (US), SAP ( Germany ), Oracle (US), Salesforce (US), AspenTech (US), Dassault Syst\u00e8mes ( France ), Workday (US), ABB ( Switzerland ), IFS ( Sweden ), Infor (US), RiskEdge Solutions ( India ), Seven Lakes Solutions (US), Bentley Systems (US), Aucerna ( Canada ), TIBCO (US), PetroDE (US), Sage Software Solutions ( India ), HPE (US), and Quorum Software (US).\nBrowse Adjacent Markets: Cloud Computing Market Research Reports & Consulting\nBrowse Related Report:\nCloud Applications Market by Type (Analytics, CRM, Finance and Accounting, Content management, Collaboration, eCommerce, HCM, ERP, PPM, Procurement and Distribution, Legal and Risk Management, Other Applications) Global Forecast to 2019https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud applications market 77759796.html\nAbout MarketsandMarkets\nMarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies' revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their painpoints around revenues decisions.\nOur 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.\nMarketsandMarkets's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.\nContact:", "URL": "https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2019-10/48055829-oil-and-gas-cloud-applications-market-worth-dollar-9-4-billion-by-2024-exclusive-report-by-marketsandmarkets-008.htm"}, {"Title": "Utilities opt to use cloud-based analytics, despite lack of monetary incentives", "Text": "By Jill Feblowitz May 1, 2019 No Comments\nIt's been over two and a half years since NARUC passed a resolution encouraging state public utility commissions to \"consider whether cloud computing and on premise solutions should receive similar regulatory accounting treatment, in that both would be eligible to earn a rate of return and would be paid for out of a utility's capital budget.\"\nRegardless, investor owned utilities (IOUs) are still wary adopters of cloud services. Cost recovery and guaranteed rate of return for capital expenditures make capital investments more attractive than operating expenses\u2014for the most part, this has always been the case. A cloud based subscription service is treated as an operating expense [1] in most cases. There is some movement, though. Recently, the Illinois Commerce Commission, made progress on proceedings to allow utilities to pre pay for cloud services, amortize costs and derive earnings as a typical asset. Earnings on top of pay as you go were also approved, although that option doesn't have the same level of benefits as pre paid (see Making Cloud Computing and Other Services Pay for Utilities and Customers.)\nWhat this means for cloud analytics: There are less than a handful of states that are addressing cloud services for IOUs. Despite the lack of monetary incentives, utilities are adopting analytics in the cloud. A quick review of UAI membership shows at least 10 major IOUs adopting cloud based solutions at scale to address areas such as asset management, water quality, unaccounted for energy, and customer engagement. This does not include utilities that store data on the cloud but use on premise analytics. (See PG&E's Agile Asset Analytics Teamwork ). The reasons: Access to greater computing capacity; quick set up, especially for Agile teams; lower cost; lower risk of obsolescence; and access to equipment data and models (as in manufacturing companies analytics platforms). Security doesn't seem to be an issue for cloud analytics either. Since cloud analytics are advisory\u2014not control\u2014systems they may pass NERC CIP protected information standards. Analytics platforms are becoming more popular with utilities. Many platform vendors (Microsoft Azure, Cloudera, AWS, etc.) host data and may offer generic data science tools as well (Python, SAS, SPSS, Apache Spark, etc.). Other platforms layer on utility specific industry models to the mix (C3, Predix, ABB's Ellipse APM). Cloud native analytics vendors (eSmart Systems, First Fuel) combine artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) with industry domain expertise and models (for example, asset health and risk models, energy efficiency) in partnership with platform vendors. These solutions are making strides in advancing the adoption curve for AI and ML. In the future, there might not be a lot of alternatives. Cloud applications are de rigueur for traditional enterprise software providers serving the utility industry (SAS, Oracle).\nJill Feblowitz is President of Feblowitz Energy Consulting, where she helps companies in the energy ecosystem with innovation. Ms. Feblowitz has over 30 years in the business, starting with watts (as an electrician) and moving to MW (as a consultant and IT analyst), providing advice on business, regulation, and technology. She has a historical perspective as well as a keen sense of industry game changers \u2013 renewables, distributed energy resources, storage, EVs, smart grid and information/control technologies (Big Data, analytics, edge computing, AI/machine learning, robotics, and more). During her long work history, she has learned how critical analytics are to industry performance.\n[1] This treatment does not apply to municipals. Munis are driven to lower their costs, thus cloud services are attractive.", "URL": "https://utilityanalytics.com/2019/05/utilities-opt-to-use-cloud-based-analytics-despite-lack-of-monetary-incentives/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "ABB SP Z O O", "industry": "Electronics", "segment": "Enterprise", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Microsoft Corporation", "intensity": 52.0, "score": 1699, "relationshipStrength": "Weak", "news": [{"Title": "Global gamification market was valued at $ 6.8 billion in 2018 and is projected to grow at an impressive CAGR of 32% to reach $ 40 billion by 2024", "Text": "NEW YORK Global Gamification Market By Solution (Enterprise Driven & Consumer Driven), By Deployment (On premise & Cloud), By Organization Size (SME & Large Enterprise), By Application (Human Resource, Marketing, Sales & Others), By End User Vertical (Retail, Banking & Others), By Region, Competition, Forecast & Opportunities, 2024 Read the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05762137/?utm_source=PRN Global gamification market was valued at $ 6.8 billion in 2018 and is projected to grow at an impressive CAGR of 32% to reach $ 40 billion by 2024 on account of growing demand for customer experience enrichment and improved engagement of employees. In business context, gamification refers to the integration of game mechanics into an internal business process, website, or marketing campaign so as to encourage the participation of target audience. Increasing number of smartphones and mobile devices is positively influencing the growth of the market. Moreover, social media platforms are further contributing to the growth of gamification market as they allow users to share their experiences with friends and co workers, thereby elevating the effectiveness of the platform. Global gamification market can be categorized based on the solution, deployment, organization size, application, end user vertical and regional analysis.In terms of solution, the market for gamification can be bifurcated into enterprise driven and consumer driven. The demand for consumer driven solution is increasing as companies catering to various field are introducing various gamification techniques such as discounts and loyalty point in order to retain consumers, due to which the segment is expected to witness fastest growth during forecast period. Based on the deployment, cloud segment is expected to grow at the fastest pace as it allows small and medium enterprises to implement gamification without incurring extra cost. The market for gamification is gaining traction and expanding to various regions including Asia Pacific , North America , Europe , South America and Middle East & Africa. North America and Europe are the leaders in global gamification market owing to early adoption by economies such as US and UK to enrich their marketing activities with better customer interaction and advertising. Major players operating in global gamification market include Microsoft Corporation, SAP SE, Salesforce.com, Inc. Leveleleven LLC and Bunchball Inc., among others. Major companies are developing advanced technologies and launching new products in order to stay competitive in the market. For instance, Microsoft launched Microsoft Dynamics 365 that enables employees to participate in individual and team based competitions that motivate them to achieve certain pre defined KPIs (Key Performance Indicators) by offering prizes, awards, privileges, and recognition. Other competitive strategies include mergers & acquisitions and new product developments. Years considered for this report: Historical Years: 2014 2017 Base Year: 2018 Estimated Year: 2019 Forecast Period: 2020\u20132024 Objective of the Study: To analyze and forecast the market size of global gamification market. To classify and forecast global gamification market based on solution, deployment, organization size, end user, application and regional distribution. To identify drivers and challenges for global gamification market. To examine competitive developments such as expansions, new product launches, mergers & acquisitions, etc., in global gamification market. To identify and analyze the profile of leading players operating in global gamification market. Some of the leading players in the global gamification market are Microsoft Corporation, SAP SE, Salesforce.com, Inc. Leveleleven LLC and Bunchball Inc. The analyst performed both primary as well as exhaustive secondary research for this study.Initially, the analyst sourced a list of service providers across the globe. Subsequently, the analyst conducted primary research surveys with the identified companies.While interviewing, the respondents were also enquired about their competitors. Through this technique, the analyst could include the service providers which could not be identified due to the limitations of secondary research. The analyst analyzed the service offerings, distribution channels and presence of all major service providers across the globe. The analyst calculated the market size of global gamification market using a bottom up approach, wherein data for various end user segments was recorded and forecast for the future years. The analyst sourced these values from the industry experts and company representatives and externally validated through analyzing historical data of these product types and applications for getting an appropriate, overall market size. Various secondary sources such as company websites, news articles, press releases, company annual reports, investor presentations and financial reports were also studied by the analyst. Key Target Audience: Gamification solution providers Research organizations and consulting companies Government bodies such as regulating authorities and policy makers Organizations, forums and alliances related to gamification The study is useful in providing answers to several critical questions that are important for the industry stakeholders such as service providers and partners, end users, etc., besides allowing them in strategizing investments and capitalizing on market opportunities. Report Scope: In this report, global gamification market has been segmented into following categories, in addition to the industry trends which have also been detailed below: Market, By Solution: o Enterprise Driven o Consumer Driven Market, By Deployment: o Cloud o On premise Market, By Organization Size: o SME o Large Enterprise Market, By Application: o Human Resources o Marketing o Sales o Product Development o Support o Others Market, By End User Vertical: o Retail o Healthcare o Government o Banking o IT and Telecom o Education o Others Market, By Region: o North America United States Mexico Canada o Europe United Kingdom Germany Netherlands Spain France Rest of Europe o Asia Pacific India China Malaysia Japan Australia Rest of Asia Pacific o South America Brazil Argentina Colombia Rest of South America o Middle East & Africa Egypt South Africa Saudi Arabia Nigeria Rest of Middle East & Africa Competitive Landscape Company Profiles: Detailed analysis of the major companies present in global gamification market. Available Customizations: With the given market data, we offers customizations according the company's specific needs. The following customization options are available for the report: Company Information Detailed analysis and profiling of additional market players (up to five). Read the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05762137/?utm_source=PRN About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need instantly, in one place.", "URL": "https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-gamification-market-was-valued-at--6-8-billion-in-2018-and-is-projected-to-grow-at-an-impressive-cagr-of-32-to-reach--40-billion-by-2024--300823218.html"}, {"Title": "Vive la diff\u00e9rence!", "Text": "In a world dominated by US and Chinese providers, does the world need a European cloud player to preserve privacy? OVHcloud's CEO, Michel Paulin, talks to DCD November 29, 2019 Peter Judge\nOVHcloud is the only global cloud provider based in Europe, and that simple fact is guiding its next steps, says the CEO, Michel Paulin. The company backs open standards and choice, and it champions European privacy measures against the state based intervention of the US and China. He believes the world needs a European alternative to interventionist states and the AWS monopoly.\nThe company is not well known outside France, but turned 20 this year. The OVH hosting business was founded in 1999 by Polish born entrepreneur Octave Klaba. It is still often seen as a web hoster, but has a thriving public cloud, and hosted private cloud business, served from 30 data centers on four continents (in the US, Canada, Singapore, Australia, and five European countries).\nThis feature appeared in the November issue of DCD Magazine. Subscribe for free today. OVH opens up \u2013 Peter Judge\nIn 2018, Klaba appointed Paulin as CEO, and at this year's annual OVH Summit in Paris, the company announced a new name: OVHcloud. \"It's a way to demonstrate to a market where we are not well known, that we are a cloud provider,\" he told us at the summit. \"And we are not to be perceived as a small web hosting company any more.\"\nThe new name and new CEO may underline the company's message, but there's no major change in direction. Paulin comes to the cloud from a different sector: in the telecoms world, he managed the IPO of Neuf Cegetel and its merger with the telco SFR, later becoming SFR's CEO. But he's not there to change things.\nPaulin is adapting to OVHcloud's world, rather than the other way round, and says the cloud is different to telecoms: \"There's much less regulation. And it is very, very new technology.\"\nTelecoms is slower, he says: \"Even 5G uses IP technology, and fiber is nearly 50 years old. We're not talking about pure software like Kubernetes, and Hadoop servers. Telecoms took 15 years to go from GSM to 2G. In the cloud the rhythm is days, or weeks.\"\nKlaba remains as chairman of the board, and the two have daily discussions: \"Octave has a vision, and we are trying to execute as fast as we can.\" Klaba's role as a visionary a \"geek in a good way\" is clearly important. 05 Sep 2019 Data center hardware is changing\nYou might expect the physical design of data center hardware to be pretty standard by now. Don't be so sure \nThe Summit is designed to demonstrate OVHcloud's status and continuity with OVH. Three thousand delegates (and maybe a few thousand more over the web) enjoy a keynote bristling with senior speakers. The French Digital Economy Minister C\u00e9dric O says business needs a European cloud, vice admiral Arnaud Coustilliere from the Ministry of Defence says everyone needs private data. They are joined by senior executives from Capgemini and Deloitte and finally, in an OVH tradition, Klaba performs a musical number with two friends.\nAt the Summit, Paulin tells us his mission is to broaden the company's appeal, and raise the profile of its cloud services, countering the widespread perception that it is primarily a hoster, and increasing awareness of what it's actually doing.\n\"We are sometimes a 'best kept secret,'\" Paulin says. Not everyone knows that 70 percent of OVHcloud's business comes from the cloud, he says. \"Of the world's top ten cloud providers, all the others are US or Chinese, and there is one Japanese operator. We are the European cloud provider with a worldwide presence.\"\nAnd that cloud business is diverse. OVHcloud aims to offer an alternative to AWS and the other giants, and Paulin says it's always had a more mature vision of the reality of cloud. \"We do PaaS (platform as a service) and IaaS (infrastructure as a service) offerings somewhat similar to the AWS behemoth, but also include bare metal, containers, and private cloud.\"\nOther people have overestimated the power of public cloud: \"Five years ago, people expected public cloud would solve all the problems for everybody, that it would be the Holy Grail, and everything would be perfect. Octave always said no it would work, but it would have some problems. The solution is hybrid cloud.\"\nEarly on, OVH launched a product for hosted private cloud based on SDDC (software defined data centers), to use alongside public cloud: \"You can put the appropriate workload with the right architecture, to be sure that you have the same SLAs, the same resilience and the same latency as if it was on your own premises.\"\nLike those hybrid clouds, OVHcloud's business itself isn't monolithic, like the offerings of big players like AWS and Azure. It needs partners: \"We do need an ecosystem, and we don't want to be monolithic. We rely on a lot of partners when our solutions go to the market. Because when you are three you can go faster than alone, and when you are 100 you can even accelerate.\"\nThere's one drawback to this. If the customer only sees the partner's brand, doesn't OVHcloud remain a \"best kept secret?\"\n\"This is something we are aware of,\" says Paulin. \"Some of our customers don't want to say our name,\" he admits. Some PaaS and SaaS customers and hosters want to maintain the illusion that they have their own facilities. For instance, giant hoster GoDaddy is understood to be an OVH customer, but as both offer hosting, they are also competitors.\nIn some countries (like the UK) the majority of partners don't promote the OVHcloud name, says Paulin: \"So we are under the radar.\" But in future he believes that OVHcloud's unique approach will become something that people will actively want to share.\nThe company's distinctive hardware is definitely winning customers, he says: \"We don't have air conditioning. We do water cooling. It is much more eco friendly for the same level of servers, we use 10 50 percent less energy than a classical data center. Our PUE [power usage effectiveness] is 1.09; the latest generation of air cooling is at 1.2 and many facilities are at 1.6.\"\nWater cooling makes things simpler in the long run, he says: \"It's complicated to monitor, it's complicated to design. But because you have fewer elements, you use fewer components. For example, there is no air cooler. It's less expensive in capex, less expensive in opex, and less expensive to manage.\"\nIt also saves on building expenses. The liquid cooled racks don't need traditional contained aisles and raised floors, so they can be installed rack by rack in ordinary warehouse space: \"We don't need to have white rooms, filtering and freon. We don't have all those ugly words.\" \u2013 OVH VMware everywhere\nOVH hosts cloud services based on the OpenStack open source platform, and VMware's vCloud both of which were heavily promoted in the early 2000s, as public cloud alternatives to the AWS juggernaut. As those public cloud contenders fell by the wayside, OVHcloud remains as an exception.\nThe company has doubled down on that role, adding more unusual services, including a cloud service which offers Kubernetes containers implemented on bare metal servers, instead of the virtual machines (VMs) favored by other providers. This gives customers more performance, but is more of a management headache for OVHcloud, CTO Alain Fiocco explained at the same OVHcloud event.\nIn 2017, OVH picked up VMware's failing public cloud effort vCloud Air, and consolidated the underlying hardware into its own data centers. This gave it a US footprint, and Octave Klaba spent the first half of 2019 living in Dallas to understand how to integrate the US heritage business into a European organization.\nWill OVHcloud have to modify its European attitudes as it becomes more international? No, says Paulin. If anything, the European DNA is even more important: \"We do believe that our roots are in Europe and openness transparency, GDPR and open source are European values.\n\"When we go to Asia and Australia, do we have to change these key DNA values? I don't think so,\" he says. If anything, adherence to the European GDPR gives OVHcloud an edge over US based firms that have signed the CLOUD Act.\n\"The CLOUD Act is a legal tool which gives access to your data if you're on Amazon, Google or Microsoft. So companies are a little bit afraid that without notice, someone can ask for access to their data.\"\nOVHcloud actually offers compliance with the CLOUD Act as an option, since some firms may require it. Its US subsidiary is based in the States, so it has been established as a strictly separate entity, bound by the Act.\nHe's surprised that the UK has effectively signed up to the CLOUD Act with a new treaty, and amused at the US reaction to the bilateral agreement. \"In the US, some organizations said 'Oh, this is a shame. We gave the right to the UK to have access to some data in the US'.\" This is \"bizarre,\" he says, since that's exactly what the US has demanded from the rest of the world.\nPaulin thinks there's more opportunity in holding out an alternative: \"The government in France and the European Commission asked us to think about what we need to do to protect European data. The French government doesn't want other states or jurisdictions or companies to have access without any limitation.\"\n\"A politician in France said there's a war between GDPR and the CLOUD Act,\" Paulin says. \"I don't know if it's a war. But I think it is a debate.\" Thank you! Your form has been received and a member of our team will be in touch shortly. More in Europe", "URL": "https://www.datacenterdynamics.com/analysis/vive-la-diff%C3%A9rence/"}, {"Title": "OVH rebrand signals renewed push to become Europe\u2019s alternative cloud provider of choice", "Text": "French public cloud provider OVH has undergone a rebrand and doubled down on its pledge to offer European enterprises an alternative place to store their data Share this item with your network: By Published: 15 Oct 2019 10:30\nFrench infrastructure as a service ( IaaS ) provider OVH is marking its 20th year in business with a corporate rebrand, as it pursues greater enterprise market traction outside of its home country, while capitalising on its position as one of the world's top 10 cloud providers.\nOver its 20 year history, the OVH brand has come to mean different things to different people, as the focus of its business has shifted from providing telephony, internet service provider, and web hosting services.\nIn more recent years, its portfolio of services has evolved and expanded further to include private and public cloud services aimed at a mix of enterprises, startups, scaleups and small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs).\nBut with the firm claiming that 70% of its revenue is now generated by its IaaS, private hosted cloud and other off premise endeavours, the organisation has changed its name to OVHcloud in recognition of how big this part of its business now is.\n\"The name change is a way to demonstrate to the market, especially the markets where we are not well known, that we are a cloud provider and we should not be perceived as a small web hosting company,\" said OVHcloud CEO Michel Paulin during a media briefing ahead of the 2019 OVHcloud Summit in Paris, France.\n\"That doesn't mean we do not want to do web hosting \u2013 not at all, but especially when we are in the enterprise market, perception is important. And that's the reason we decided to adapt our branding to the reality of what OVH is already.\" Europe's global cloud provider\nThe company is also doubling down on its efforts to market itself as a European alternative to the big three US based public cloud giants, as well as their Chinese challengers, and rid itself of the \"best kept secret\" tag the analyst community has assigned it, said Paulin.\nAccording to figures issued by the company during the summit, OVHcloud now has 1.5 million customers signed up to use its cloud and web hosting services around the world.\nTo capitalise on these adoption figures, and build awareness of the refreshed brand, the company is committed to investing over the coming year into all the markets in which it already has a presence \u2013 including the UK, Italy, Spain, Poland, Germany, Canada and the Asia Pacific region.\n\"It's true our branding is not at the level of our expertise or even our size,\" said Paulin. \"Outside of Europe, our visibility is lower than our market share sometimes.\n\"And we have decided to invest much more in our clusters outside of France, to recruit people and make investments throughout the supply chain \u2013 marketing, sales, pre sales, support and research and development \u2013 because we do believe today that our solutions are at the top of the game and that we are the top player.\" OVHcloud CEO Michel Paulin addresses the Summit in Paris\nFrom a UK perspective, Paulin was quick to add that, regardless of how the UK's efforts to exit from the European Union pan out, its investment plans will stand, and are being concentrated on driving up adoption of its cloud technologies within two distinct customer groups.\nThese include firms operating within the enterprise market, and downstream organisations within the startup and scaleup space, he said.\nOne way the company will be looking to win these groups over is through competitive pricing, with Paulin acknowledging elsewhere during the summit that OVHcloud is sometimes accused of being \"aggressive\" on this front.\nIt is able to be so because of the economies of scale it gains from the fact that the infrastructure underpinning its cloud is all self owned and made, he said.\n\"We have a presence in four continents, we own our networks, we own our datacentres, and we build our own datacentres and servers. We are a fully integrated, worldwide cloud provider, providing services based on our own infrastructure that we design,\" he added. Expanding into UK enterprises\nAs far as the company's enterprise business is concerned in the UK, many of its existing customers are those it inherited through its 2017 acquisition of VMware's vCloud Air hybrid cloud business.\nThe setup was originally pitched by the virtualisation giant as a means of giving organisations access to IaaS services based on VMware's vSphere technology, while enabling them to run their applications and workloads in the cloud or on premise.\nSince the acquisition closed, OVH has taken steps to become more hands on with the management of the vCloud Air user base, and has invested in building out more localised support for its enterprise users, having previously run much of that out of France, Adnan Patka, the firm's head of UK sales, told Computer Weekly during the OVHcloud Summit.\nThe organisation will also be leaning on its revamped channel partner programme to lure in more enterprises through the work of members such as Deloitte and Capgemini, which will be on hand to help them get to grips with the wider contents of OVHcloud's service portfolio, said Patka.\nThe firm's efforts to court the startup community through its accelerator programme are with one eye on the enterprise market too, he said.\nAfter all, today's startups could well become the enterprises of tomorrow, and as they scale, it may follow that their use of OVHcloud technologies will ramp up accordingly, said Patka.\nAt the same time, the people working at these startups might move on one day, and end up championing the use of the services they have used in previous jobs, he added.\n\"What happens is that a lot of developers might start their careers at a startup, get exposed to our technologies and then move on to work somewhere else, and that can lead to grassroots support for newer, emerging and less well known technologies within enterprises.\n\"That is why we don't neglect the startup community, because it can be very useful for OVH from a brand awareness building point of view.\" Expanding overseas\nBut expanding its presence within the US is less of priority, said Paulin, because the company's focus is really on setting itself apart in a market that is largely dominated by US and Chinese technology giants.\nAccording to analyst house Canalys's 2018 full year cloud infrastructure market tracker report, OVH occupies a spot within the world's top 10 providers, but the fact that it is the only one from Europe to do so is an important point of differentiation for the firm, said Paulin.\n\"We do believe this is something that is critical on the promises that we provide to the customers, because we position ourselves as the European alternative cloud provider with a worldwide presence,\" he said.\nThe firm's positioning as an \"alternative provider\" relates back to its championing of open source technologies, and the edge it claims that being a European provider gives it from a data protection point of view.\n\"The protection of data has become a societal commitment,\" said Paulin. \"Europe, with the GDPR [General Data Protection Regulation], has created powerful, ethical rules around the protection of private data,\" said Paulin.\n\"Unfortunately, the position of Europe is not universal throughout the entire world. Certain nation states want to access and control data.\"\nOn this point, Paulin went on to remind the firm's customers, both existing and prospective, that \u2013 unlike Amazon, Microsoft and Google's cloud platforms \u2013 its infrastructure is largely exempt from having to comply with the US government's Clarifying Lawful Overseas Use of Data Act (aka the Cloud Act).\nThat act grants law enforcement agencies the right to demand access to data stored on servers hosted by US based tech firms, including those located overseas.\n\"Obviously, I can't stop myself from citing the famous Cloud Act, and I think it is legitimate to question whether its aims are ultimately to favour and promote the interests of national actors \u2013 and their national interests,\" said Paulin.\nFrom a data privacy perspective, OVHcloud is keen to ensure that its customers' data is closed off from overseas interference, but from a data portability point of view, it is an avid champion of keeping the cloud open, said Paulin.\nAs proof of this, he cited OVHcloud's contributions to the European Commission's Data Portability Code of Conduct, and the support it has given to previous efforts to secure the free flow of non personal data within the European Union.\nWhile the championing of open technologies, data portability and Europe as a safe place to store data are all important in terms off furthering OVHcloud's business interests, there are also bigger, societally important themes that its work feeds into. Read more about public cloud providers The public sector cloud business takes time and resources to build , but the rewards can be meaningful, as the founder of Amazon Web Service's public sector division has found. Six months into his tenure as OVH's CEO, Michel Paulin sets out the work the firm is doing to stand out from the public cloud crowd through its local knowledge of the European data protection landscape and its open source credentials.\nC\u00e9dric O, secretary of state for the digital economy of France, used his time during the OVHcloud Summit keynote to set out the economic and data sovereignty implications of Europe's growing reliance on US based and Chinese tech providers.\n\"We are in a global competition for technologies that is quite ferocious, and with a great deal of inequality with two major ensembles, the US And China,\" he said.\n\"One of the imperatives for Europe and France, in particular, is to be up to speed on this digital technology and from a competition standpoint.\"\nThis is for a number of reasons, not just the potential for accelerated job creation across the continent if France and other European players are able to wrest market share away from US and Chinese providers, said O.\n\"We can feel today, in the applications we use and the companies that are taking up more of our daily lives, quite often these are American or Chinese companies. We are in a universe that is American or Chinese,\" he added.\n\"Each time we abandon our own values because these are terms or conditions of use that are based on American and Chinese values. Our values, I don't know if ours are better or less good, but they are not the same.\n\"So when we are working in a world where we have players who are not European and they're taking all our space, we abandon what makes our value and culture so important.\" Download this free guide Computer Weekly's buyers guide to multicloud\nIn this 15 page buyer's guide, we look at the importance of software defined wide area networks in successful migration, the complications that come with juggling clouds, and Microsoft's journey into multicloud support. Start Download You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn't appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E mail Address. I agree to TechTarget's Terms of Use , Privacy Policy , and the transfer of my information to the United States for processing to provide me with relevant information as described in our Privacy Policy. Please check the box if you want to proceed. I agree to my information being processed by TechTarget and its Partners to contact me via phone, email, or other means regarding information relevant to my professional interests. I may unsubscribe at any time. Please check the box if you want to proceed. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. Read more on Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)", "URL": "https://www.computerweekly.com/news/252472249/OVH-rebrand-hints-at-renewed-push-to-become-Europes-alternative-cloud-provider-of-choice"}, {"Title": "SoftOne Solutions - SaaS For O&G Pipeline Safety - OneSoft Solutions Inc. (OTCMKTS:OSSIF)", "Text": "Fellow SA contributor Christopher Hampton recently messaged me that OneSoft Solutions ( OTCQB:OSSIF ) (TSX.V: OSS ) is my type of stock. He hit it on the nose. I am interested in small cap companies that have identified a new market opportunity, have a plan to capture the market, there is initial success and a barrier to entry for competitors. OneSoft fits all of the above criteria.\nWhat makes this stock attractive as an investment is the 90% margin in recurring revenue in licensing fees, monitoring and data analyses on long term contracts from clients that are likely to be sticky.\nBriefing OneSoft is an SaaS disruptor for O & G pipeline monitoring. The company uses artificial intelligence and predictive analytics to prevent pipeline failure at a much quicker and lower cost than existing practices. The company is currently targeting the U.S. market where 62% of the world's O & G pipelines exists.\nSource: Company website.\nThe main product is Content Integrity Management ( CIM ) software sold through the Microsoft ( MSFT ) reseller channel. CIM aims to disrupt how data has been analyzed. The O & G industry uses Pipeline Intervention Gadgets (\"PIGS\") to collect pipeline data on Excel spreadsheets. Engineering teams look for differences in the data in a multi step process that takes days to months to analyze. CIM reviews data in real time, eliminating human error and a much lower cost than that of a team of engineers.\nPipeline incidents are more frequent than you might think. According to the U.S. pipeline regulatory agency, Pipelines and Hazardous Material Safety Administration (\"PHNSA\") pipeline incidents are almost daily, typically costing millions of dollars worth of damage as well as human injury or fatality and environmental damage and are on the rise.\nSource\nAnd there's lots of pipelines in the U.S. almost 3 million miles of hazardous liquid and natural gas pipelines.\nLiquid Pipelines\nSource for both maps\nHistory OneSoft originates from Serenic Corporation, which was listed on the TSX V in 1995. The current CEO, Dwayne Kushniruk , along with a company President Tim Edward were involved in forming Serenic, which was a legacy on premise business. They sold portions of Serenic in 2014 at a premium to market price in order to focus on cloud associated IP. The profits were issued to the shareholders as a special dividend.\nOneSoft acquired Bridge Solutions in 2015 and reorganized it as its one and only subsidiary, OneSoft Bridge Solutions. Kushniruk, Edward, Brandon Taylor, CTO and President of OneBridge USA and CFO Paul Johnson are all major shareholders of OneSoft. Insiders own about one third of the float per the investor presentation.\nOneBridge was selected by Microsoft ( MSFT ) in 2016 as one of nine companies out of over 700 applicants to participate in the Microsoft Azure cloud platform. OneBridge was the only O & G related company selected. As a result of the partnership, OneBridge offers its services through Microsoft's cloud and gets the benefit of Microsoft's vast sales network while Microsoft attracts O & G companies to use their cloud platform.\nThrough the Microsoft relationship, Phillips 66 ( PSX ) collaborated with OneBridge by sharing their pipeline data which was collected using manual analyses. Comparison to OneSource analyses served to validate the technology as well as to fine tune and refine it while Pilot Programs were being conducted.\nCommercialization of CIM began in January 2017. Phillips 66 signed on as a customer in September 2017. In March of 2018, OneSource entered into a collaboration with WorleyParsons [ASX: WOR] to use Pilot Programs, similarly as had been conducted with Microsoft, to attract clients to CIM's next generation, Polaris , which OneSoft is developing with Phillips 66 for commercialization in Canada first, with future expansion plans for Mexico and Australia.\nCompany In Transition OneSoft is partially transformed from being a development stage company to a growth company. The company has been gaining customers and adding subscriptions for pipelines that are piggable but the vast majority of U.S. pipelines are not. They are inspected by Direct Assessment.\nManagement is encouraged by the market acceptance of its product and is projecting an acceleration of their R&D to develop CIM into a platform of SaaS services including pipeline failure analytics for the over two million miles of non piggable pipeline in the U.S.\nSource: Company website\nIn April, the company issued 11,500 shares, raising $9.2 million to fund their accelerated R&D. While they are attempting to further develop their addressable market, there's still 600,000 miles of U.S. pipelines that is piggable for OneSoft to pursue as well as pipelines in other countries.\nFinancials This year the company changed its fiscal year to match the calendar year where in prior years their fiscal year ended at the end of February. Revenue increased by a little over 100% year over year for the recently completed 2019 Q1. Gross margins were 86% compared to 88% for the earlier period.\nSource\nOneSoft gained two customers in its first two years of commercialization. It appears that the technology is gaining traction. This year, OneSoft added four new multi year commercial clients. It's client list includes four Fortune 500 companies, one super major* and one independent. (*A super major is one of the seven largest O&G companies in the world).\nPer the 2019 Q1 MD&A , the company had 13,000 miles of pipeline under subscription at the end of 2018. With the addition of new customers, it now has 51,000 miles of pipeline under subscription. Originally, the company was charging $5 per pipeline mile per month. Management has indicated that as CIM evolves and offers additional features, the cost will increase. In Q4 MD&A it was reported that costs had gone up from.60 cents per year to.80 cents per year for each pipeline mile.\nThe new customers added this year will not provide recurring revenue until fiscal 2020. 51,000 miles at.80 cents per year is over $4 million a year in revenue and about $3.5 million in gross profit at the last reported rate.\nOneSoft has been ramping up its sales effort as evidenced by reported SG&A costs that have about doubled from $2M in 2017 to what looks like will be $4M for this year. The company spent nothing on R&D for the first quarter this year but with their announced intent to further develop their product, we can expect that R&D expenses should probably be at least $1M over the next 12 months.\nRecurring revenue from the 13,000 miles from the original two customers will come in at just over $1 million. The company will need to add new customers in order to continue experiencing revenue growth. New customers pay up front for future services on entering into a contract.\nWith a reported $12.7 million in cash as of the end of May, recurring revenue of about $1 million and debt of only $585,068 as of March 31 it adds up that the company is funded to run its operation for the next year.\nThe company has been funding its operations by issuing shares. It's interesting to note that there are twice as many shares outstanding now than in 2017 but the company has held loses steady at about a penny a share per quarter. It won't take much for OneSoft to turn into a profitable growth stock. If they can capture between 25 30% of the piggable U.S. O&G pipelines that would bring in recurring revenue in the high teen million, fund operations at elevated SG&A and R&D levels if necessary and still turn a profit.\nBarrier to Entry Competitors in pipeline inspection includes Q Inline which is a division of Quanta Services ( PWR ), Onstream Pipeline Inspections which is now owned by Mistras Group ( MG ), private company Rosen Group , Tidewater ( TW ), General Electric ( GE ) and Nikon Corp. ( OTCPK:NINOF ). I looked at each company's website to see how their pipeline systems work. All of these companies are heavily involved in using technology to detect data but there's no mention of using technology to actually analyze the data as OneSoft is doing. For example, here is Onstream Pipeline's presentation on how their system works. Click here for how Rosen's system works.\nI could not find a direct competitor and believe that OneSoft's technology has a barrier to entry. CIM now offers over 30 million features which have been incorporated into its algorithms. It would take at least three years of data collection, testing and demonstrating, not to mention deep pockets, to fully develop and bring a similar product to market should any of the competitors on anyone else wish to compete directly with OneSoft.\nRisks There is no guarantee that the company will be able to expand its analytics to address the non piggable market where the majority of the U.S. O&G market opportunity is. The company is funded for approximately the next 12 months and will need to raise money if it does not obtain additional customers. It is too early to evaluate the data on how effective CIM has been on reducing pipeline failure as it has been in place for a short time and for a small amount of mileage. There is always the risk that another company will develop better technology or win market acceptance although there is no evidence that another company has developed or is attempting to develop a similar product. The company is dependent on Microsoft's cloud platform. There is no guarantee that Microsoft will continue to partner with OneSoft. This is a Canadian company trading on the OTC foreign exchange. As such it is subject to Canadian filing requirements and not SEC filing requirements.\nConclusion The management team has a good record of rewarding shareholders and they have skin in the game. They have skillfully developed strong partnerships and increased revenue as the product is rolled out and the company evolves from development stage to growth.\nCIM has been validated. First by Microsoft as a partner, Phillips 66 as a collaborator and then by the Fortune 500 and one super major becoming customers. With its new cash infusion and no debt the company is well funded to continue developing its product and expand its addressable market while it pursues servicing the 600,000 miles of piggable pipeline in the U.S.\nFour new customers so far this year indicate that OneSoft is making good progress in penetrating its targeted market. I can see this company turning profitable in just a year or two. It needs new customers and it has a very strong sales channel and collaborations in place to get them.\nIt stands to reason that the company's current customers are likely to expand their subscription to CIM for their pipelines in foreign countries as it offers cost cutting, real time data analyses. It's also reasonable to expect that through its Microsoft sales network, the company will find interest from not only U.S. based but also foreign O&G companies. The WorleyParsons collaboration is over a year old and should start bringing in new customers.\nThe company has been increasing its fee as it develops new features that customers request. Everyone loves SaaS companies with recurring revenues in the 90% range. These companies command PE ratios above 50 and high valuations across the board because they are very profitable and because they are fast growers. OneSoft has a short history in its new incarnation but is certainly a fast grower and not far away from becoming a profitable fast growing company.\nThank you Chris for alerting me to this stock.\nI write about small cap stocks and welcome discussion.\nDisclosure: I am/we are long OSSIF.\nEditor's Note: This article covers one or more microcap stocks. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.", "URL": "https://seekingalpha.com/article/4273747-softone-solutions-saas-o-and-g-pipeline-safety"}, {"Title": "OneSoft Solutions - SaaS For O&G Pipeline Safety - OneSoft Solutions Inc. (OTCMKTS:OSSIF) | Seeking Alpha", "Text": "Fellow SA contributor Christopher Hampton recently messaged me that OneSoft Solutions ( OTCQB:OSSIF ) (TSX.V: OSS ) is my type of stock. He hit it on the nose. I am interested in small cap companies that have identified a new market opportunity, have a plan to capture the market, there is initial success and a barrier to entry for competitors. OneSoft fits all of the above criteria.\nWhat makes this stock attractive as an investment is the 90% margin in recurring revenue in licensing fees, monitoring and data analyses on long term contracts from clients that are likely to be sticky.\nBriefing OneSoft is an SaaS disruptor for O & G pipeline monitoring. The company uses artificial intelligence and predictive analytics to prevent pipeline failure at a much quicker and lower cost than existing practices. The company is currently targeting the U.S. market where 62% of the world's O & G pipelines exists.\nSource: Company website.\nThe main product is Content Integrity Management ( CIM ) software sold through the Microsoft ( MSFT ) reseller channel. CIM aims to disrupt how data has been analyzed. The O & G industry uses Pipeline Intervention Gadgets (\"PIGS\") to collect pipeline data on Excel spreadsheets. Engineering teams look for differences in the data in a multi step process that takes days to months to analyze. CIM reviews data in real time, eliminating human error and a much lower cost than that of a team of engineers.\nPipeline incidents are more frequent than you might think. According to the U.S. pipeline regulatory agency, Pipelines and Hazardous Material Safety Administration (\"PHNSA\") pipeline incidents are almost daily, typically costing millions of dollars worth of damage as well as human injury or fatality and environmental damage and are on the rise.\nSource\nAnd there's lots of pipelines in the U.S. almost 3 million miles of hazardous liquid and natural gas pipelines.\nLiquid Pipelines\nSource for both maps\nHistory OneSoft originates from Serenic Corporation, which was listed on the TSX V in 1995. The current CEO, Dwayne Kushniruk , along with a company President Tim Edward were involved in forming Serenic, which was a legacy on premise business. They sold portions of Serenic in 2014 at a premium to market price in order to focus on cloud associated IP. The profits were issued to the shareholders as a special dividend.\nOneSoft acquired Bridge Solutions in 2015 and reorganized it as its one and only subsidiary, OneSoft Bridge Solutions. Kushniruk, Edward, Brandon Taylor, CTO and President of OneBridge USA and CFO Paul Johnson are all major shareholders of OneSoft. Insiders own about one third of the float per the investor presentation.\nOneBridge was selected by Microsoft ( MSFT ) in 2016 as one of nine companies out of over 700 applicants to participate in the Microsoft Azure cloud platform. OneBridge was the only O & G related company selected. As a result of the partnership, OneBridge offers its services through Microsoft's cloud and gets the benefit of Microsoft's vast sales network while Microsoft attracts O & G companies to use their cloud platform.\nThrough the Microsoft relationship, Phillips 66 ( PSX ) collaborated with OneBridge by sharing their pipeline data which was collected using manual analyses. Comparison to OneSource analyses served to validate the technology as well as to fine tune and refine it while Pilot Programs were being conducted.\nCommercialization of CIM began in January 2017. Phillips 66 signed on as a customer in September 2017. In March of 2018, OneSource entered into a collaboration with WorleyParsons [ASX: WOR] to use Pilot Programs, similarly as had been conducted with Microsoft, to attract clients to CIM's next generation, Polaris , which OneSoft is developing with Phillips 66 for commercialization in Canada first, with future expansion plans for Mexico and Australia.\nCompany In Transition OneSoft is partially transformed from being a development stage company to a growth company. The company has been gaining customers and adding subscriptions for pipelines that are piggable but the vast majority of U.S. pipelines are not. They are inspected by Direct Assessment.\nManagement is encouraged by the market acceptance of its product and is projecting an acceleration of their R&D to develop CIM into a platform of SaaS services including pipeline failure analytics for the over two million miles of non piggable pipeline in the U.S.\nSource: Company website\nIn April, the company issued 11,500 shares, raising $9.2 million to fund their accelerated R&D. While they are attempting to further develop their addressable market, there's still 600,000 miles of U.S. pipelines that is piggable for OneSoft to pursue as well as pipelines in other countries.\nFinancials This year the company changed its fiscal year to match the calendar year where in prior years their fiscal year ended at the end of February. Revenue increased by a little over 100% year over year for the recently completed 2019 Q1. Gross margins were 86% compared to 88% for the earlier period.\nSource\nOneSoft gained two customers in its first two years of commercialization. It appears that the technology is gaining traction. This year, OneSoft added four new multi year commercial clients. It's client list includes four Fortune 500 companies, one super major* and one independent. (*A super major is one of the seven largest O&G companies in the world).\nPer the 2019 Q1 MD&A , the company had 13,000 miles of pipeline under subscription at the end of 2018. With the addition of new customers, it now has 51,000 miles of pipeline under subscription. Originally, the company was charging $5 per pipeline mile per month. Management has indicated that as CIM evolves and offers additional features, the cost will increase. In Q4 MD&A it was reported that costs had gone up from.60 cents per year to.80 cents per year for each pipeline mile.\nThe new customers added this year will not provide recurring revenue until fiscal 2020. 51,000 miles at.80 cents per year is over $4 million a year in revenue and about $3.5 million in gross profit at the last reported rate.\nOneSoft has been ramping up its sales effort as evidenced by reported SG&A costs that have about doubled from $2M in 2017 to what looks like will be $4M for this year. The company spent nothing on R&D for the first quarter this year but with their announced intent to further develop their product, we can expect that R&D expenses should probably be at least $1M over the next 12 months.\nRecurring revenue from the 13,000 miles from the original two customers will come in at just over $1 million. The company will need to add new customers in order to continue experiencing revenue growth. New customers pay up front for future services on entering into a contract.\nWith a reported $12.7 million in cash as of the end of May, recurring revenue of about $1 million and debt of only $585,068 as of March 31 it adds up that the company is funded to run its operation for the next year.\nThe company has been funding its operations by issuing shares. It's interesting to note that there are twice as many shares outstanding now than in 2017 but the company has held loses steady at about a penny a share per quarter. It won't take much for OneSoft to turn into a profitable growth stock. If they can capture between 25 30% of the piggable U.S. O&G pipelines that would bring in recurring revenue in the high teen million, fund operations at elevated SG&A and R&D levels if necessary and still turn a profit.\nBarrier to Entry Competitors in pipeline inspection includes Q Inline which is a division of Quanta Services ( PWR ), Onstream Pipeline Inspections which is now owned by Mistras Group ( MG ), private company Rosen Group , Tidewater ( TW ), General Electric ( GE ) and Nikon Corp. ( OTCPK:NINOF ). I looked at each company's website to see how their pipeline systems work. All of these companies are heavily involved in using technology to detect data but there's no mention of using technology to actually analyze the data as OneSoft is doing. For example, here is Onstream Pipeline's presentation on how their system works. Click here for how Rosen's system works.\nI could not find a direct competitor and believe that OneSoft's technology has a barrier to entry. CIM now offers over 30 million features which have been incorporated into its algorithms. It would take at least three years of data collection, testing and demonstrating, not to mention deep pockets, to fully develop and bring a similar product to market should any of the competitors on anyone else wish to compete directly with OneSoft.\nRisks There is no guarantee that the company will be able to expand its analytics to address the non piggable market where the majority of the U.S. O&G market opportunity is. The company is funded for approximately the next 12 months and will need to raise money if it does not obtain additional customers. It is too early to evaluate the data on how effective CIM has been on reducing pipeline failure as it has been in place for a short time and for a small amount of mileage. There is always the risk that another company will develop better technology or win market acceptance although there is no evidence that another company has developed or is attempting to develop a similar product. The company is dependent on Microsoft's cloud platform. There is no guarantee that Microsoft will continue to partner with OneSoft. This is a Canadian company trading on the OTC foreign exchange. As such it is subject to Canadian filing requirements and not SEC filing requirements.\nConclusion The management team has a good record of rewarding shareholders and they have skin in the game. They have skillfully developed strong partnerships and increased revenue as the product is rolled out and the company evolves from development stage to growth.\nCIM has been validated. First by Microsoft as a partner, Phillips 66 as a collaborator and then by the Fortune 500 and one super major becoming customers. With its new cash infusion and no debt the company is well funded to continue developing its product and expand its addressable market while it pursues servicing the 600,000 miles of piggable pipeline in the U.S.\nFour new customers so far this year indicate that OneSoft is making good progress in penetrating its targeted market. I can see this company turning profitable in just a year or two. It needs new customers and it has a very strong sales channel and collaborations in place to get them.\nIt stands to reason that the company's current customers are likely to expand their subscription to CIM for their pipelines in foreign countries as it offers cost cutting, real time data analyses. It's also reasonable to expect that through its Microsoft sales network, the company will find interest from not only U.S. based but also foreign O&G companies. The WorleyParsons collaboration is over a year old and should start bringing in new customers.\nThe company has been increasing its fee as it develops new features that customers request. Everyone loves SaaS companies with recurring revenues in the 90% range. These companies command PE ratios above 50 and high valuations across the board because they are very profitable and because they are fast growers. OneSoft has a short history in its new incarnation but is certainly a fast grower and not far away from becoming a profitable fast growing company.\nThank you Chris for alerting me to this stock.\nI write about small cap stocks and welcome discussion.\nDisclosure: I am/we are long OSSIF. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.\nEditor's Note: This article covers one or more microcap stocks. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.", "URL": "https://seekingalpha.com/article/4273747-onesoft-solutions-saas-o-and-g-pipeline-safety"}, {"Title": "Sitecore Releases New Content Marketing Platform and Moves Towards a Unified Platform to Own the Entire Content Lifecycle", "Text": "Sitecore Content Hub, and Managed Cloud Services will fuel personalized experiences with game changing simplicity, speed, and agility\nSitecore \u00ae, the global leader in digital experience management software, recently announced the launch of Sitecore\u00ae Content Marketing Platform (CMP). The stand alone technology will improve the efficiency of marketers by merging strategic and project planning with content creation, management, and analysis into one unified platform. The new offering will be crucial for marketers, who have been increasingly overwhelmed by growing demands for fresh and targeted content for the right channel at the right time. 5 BIG STRATEGIC CONTENT EXPERIENCE QUESTIONS FOR CMOs The future of effective content marketing is not in solutions that enable marketing teams to do the same activities with just more volume and efficiency Download\n\"Personalized content is the best catalyst for meeting and exceeding business objectives because it helps support the customer journey and ushers customers down the path to purchase,\" said Paige O' Neill, Chief Marketing Officer at Sitecore. \"The release of Sitecore Content Marketing Platform will give marketers a unified and collaborative platform to boost the speed, scale, and impact of content marketing, leading to more sales and better ROI.\"\nSitecore CMP eliminates silos in the content production process, giving marketers the ability to: Effectively plan, manage, and collaborate on content strategy \u2013 content is always ready when and where needed, by visualizing gaps in availability, then proactively prioritizing content production where it's needed Streamline production by orchestrating many simultaneous task streams of different content stakeholders \u2013 collaborate easily through a unified environment to quickly determine and resolve production bottlenecks, with visibility across the entire digital marketing workflow, to ensure on time content delivery at scale Optimize content usage and distribution to target audiences across channels \u2013 easily meet and exceed the demand for high volume content production needed for personalization at scale across all channels and devices Fully integrated with Sitecore\u00ae Experience Platform , Sitecore CMP makes content automatically available in the web content management system, where it can be easily applied to build personalized experiences across channels and touchpoints. As a result, users will no longer need to manually copy and paste and the system will provide data about content usage and engagement back to the CMP.\nDelivering Rich, Personalized Experiences to Any Digital Touchpoint\nApart from the CMP upgrades, the company also announced its mid year releases of Sitecore \u00ae Experience Platform TM and Sitecore Content Hub TM , delivering new features and product upgrades and enabling marketers to more easily deliver rich, personalized experiences to any digital touchpoint.\nIn addition, updates to Sitecore's Managed Cloud offerings provide more advanced capabilities that empower customers to achieve faster time to market and greater cost control, while also retaining the customizability required in enterprise deployments.\n\"This phase of the integration between our upgraded experience management and data asset management platforms deliver on Sitecore's vision to own the entire content lifecycle in a seamless way,\" said Desta Price, Executive Vice President of Product Management at Sitecore. \"Now, our users can expect easier than ever management of personalized experiences, from content strategy and planning to delivery and optimization.\"\nThe version 9.2 release of Sitecore Experience Platform and version 3.2 release of Sitecore Content Hub simplify the effort for digital marketing teams to plan, create, publish and deliver rich, relevant, and consistent experiences throughout the customer journey. These include: Full integration of Sitecore DAM with Sitecore web content management, enabling customers to use Sitecore's best in class WCM and DAM systems in a single user experience Alignment between Sitecore JavaScript Services and Sitecore Experience Accelerator, providing a framework that works together, sharing data, content, and presentation, without customers choosing between development approaches Active Personalization Reporting, allowing marketers to see all running and active personalization on their sites from one location Data Purging, empowering organizations to control all the data within their solution to easily cleanse, archive or purge data to lower costs and also assist with compliance for data privacy regulations such as GDPR\nMarketing Technology News: Oracle Emerges As the Leader in the Worldwide Retail Price Optimization Applications 2019 Vendor Assessment\nTapping the Power of Cloud Computing\nSitecore's mid year updates also mark key enhancements to Sitecore's Managed Cloud offerings that enable businesses to tap the power of cloud computing without the complexity of managing infrastructure and application stacks themselves.\nBuilt on Microsoft Azure, Azure SQL Database, Azure Machine Learning, and Dynamics 365, Sitecore Managed Cloud includes: Support for Sitecore Experience Manager TM (XM), Sitecore Experience Platform (XP), and Sitecore Experience Database TM (xDB) 99.9% availability on topology 24/7 x 365 infrastructure monitoring and support with a 60 minute response time Dedicated Customer Success Manager, personal onboarding included Application level and security monitoring SOLR, WAF and CDN support Disaster recovery and database backup/restore Compatibility with on premises environments\nSitecore Managed Cloud Premium builds on these features with support for Sitecore Experience CommerceTM (XC), emergency support response time, and the ability to deploy custom code and topologies.", "URL": "https://www.martechadvisor.com/news/content-marketing/sitecore-releases-new-content-marketing-platform-and-moves-towards-a-unified-platform-to-own-the-entire-content-lifecycle/"}, {"Title": "ZTE to Demonstrate its End-to-End 5G Commercial Use at MWC Shanghai 2019", "Text": "ZTE to Demonstrate its End to End 5G Commercial Use at MWC Shanghai 2019 Posted on 55 Views Spread the love:\nZTE Corporation, a leading provider of telecommunications, enterprise and consumer technology solutions for the mobile internet is to showcase its latest commercial developments of end to end 5G technologies at Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai 2019, which will commence on June 26, 2019.\nZTE will focus on the principle of \"Enabling 5G networking with four basic operations of arithmetic \u2013 addition, subtraction, multiplication and division\" and introduce the latest achievements and series of 5G terminals in the fields of 5G end to end solution, 5G & 4G full scene coverage, 5G commercial deployment, AI network intelligence, on demand network, 5G open ecology and featured industrial applications. ZTE delivers a message to the world: ZTE is ready for the full commercial use in the end to end 5G era.\nZTE is committed to building an ideal 5G network for operators by adhering to the \"addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division\" principle. Subtraction: Aiming at building a \"supreme simple network,\" the UniSite minimized site solution provides differentiated match solutions for various scenarios, such as dense urban areas, indoor areas, hot streets, general urban areas and high speed railway tunnels. The Ultra band Radio (UBR) integrates three mainstream frequency bands: 900 M, 1800 M and 2100 M, so that the number of site equipment is reduced by 2/3. Coupled with the built in combiner RRU, the single antenna can provide the site deployment of Sub3GHz in 2/3/4/5G multi frequency band to achieve the simplest antenna deployment.\nOriented at the long term coexistence and integrated evolution of 4/5G, the first industry base station that supports both 4/5G dual mode and 5G NSA&SA dual mode is launched. That is, a set of 3 mode hardware network helps the operator achieve a long term development.\nIn addition, to meet the requirement of operators for sharing and co construction, the dual 200 MHz large bandwidth and high integration base station is launched to save the overall network investment and accelerate the commercial use of 5G.\nTo integrate the network architecture into a simple one, ZTE launched an ultra large capacity all standard IT BBU platform, supporting multi mode network integration and long term evolution with the simplest baseband. ALSO READ ZTE Blade V7 Max Review All Maxed Up\nThe first commercial 5G Common Core in the industry is launched by ZTE as well. It supports 2/3/4/5G/fixed full integration and full access, 3GPP R15 SA and NSA, and saves 40% investment for the carrier.\nIn addition, a simplified and flexible transport network is built. The network layers are simplified with highly integrated all in one product. The traditional protocol architecture is simplified from six layers to four layers so that the service provisioning is quickly implemented. Various innovative network automation technologies are employed to achieve quick fault locating.\nThe self developed 3 in 1 chip integrates FlexE, NP (Network Processor) and SA (witching Access) to reduce the equipment power consumption by more than 40% per Gbit. Addition: +MEC to achieve activation edge; +AI to add intelligence to the network. ZTE MEC supports integrated access of wireless and fixed networks, as well as 4G/5G/WiFi multiple systems providing open wireless sensing capability for 5G industrial applications. The dual core cloud platform greatly improves resource utilization.\nThe full series of MEC servers of ZTE can match different application scenarios, and support hardware acceleration to meet the ultra low latency and ultra high bandwidth requirements of edge services and reduce CPU resource consumption and footprint requirements.\nThe series of AI Engine developed by ZTE has been applied in the full 5G scenarios to achieve zero touch, fast fault location and network self optimization, as well as enable the AI based autonomous evolving wireless network. Division: To realize network reuse, reduce the costs of network construction and O & M, decrease error application versions and increase the online speed, ZTE makes full use of network slicing. ZTE's 5G slicing store can be customized and adjusted on demand. It has the capability of serving multiple vertical customers at the same time, and enables thousands of services in one network. Multiplication: The 5G network is multiplied by the vertical industry. Combined with AI, cloud computing, big data, edge computing, and the Internet of Things, 5G is applied to all vertical industries to expand the new blue ocean of 5G services. ALSO READ ZTE Has A New Beast Introducing Axon 7\nWith the issue of commercial 5G licenses in China, ZTE and the three major operators have fully started network construction. At MWC Shanghai 2019, ZTE will showcase multiple 5G technologies at the booths of three major operators, such as multi user MIMO demonstration in the full commercial 5G network environment, 5G mmWave 16 channel 4K HD video demonstration, remote unmanned driving, robot remote precise control, 5G+AR holographic communication and interaction in the virtual space, and 5G mobile phones of multiple brands playing cloud games based on the ZTE commercial equipment of 5G new air interface.\nOutside the exhibition hall, ZTE will bring smooth service experiences, such as 8K VR live broadcast and 16 channels of HD video. The ZTE Shanghai R & D Center will also open to customers for a visit. It will focus on six major 5G industrial applications, including 5G+8K extremely clear live broadcast, all round 5G video analysis, 5G patrol robot, 5G smart water control, Class VR (education) and self developed AR platform, waiting for customers to launch the journey of 5G innovation.\nIn addition, ZTE will showcase a series of diversified 5G terminal devices, including the 5G Smartphone, 5G Indoor Router, 5G Outdoor Router, 5G Mobile Wi Fi Router, 5G Ethernet Box, 5G Module and so forth at MWC Shanghai 2019 for the first time.\nZTE is committed to boosting the digital transformation of the entire industry and empowering the intelligent connectivity. ZTE Axon 10 Pro 5G and ZTE 5G Indoor Router MC801 enable consumers to acquire incredible 5G experiences AR, cloud gaming, 4K video and ultra fast speeds, as well as 5G+8K extremely clear live broadcast, all round 5G video analysis, 5G patrol robot, cloud XR remote cooperation system, Class VR (education) and more encouraging industrial application scenarios under a 5G network at MWC Shanghai 2019, which present the upgraded mobile internet experience based on the full scene coverage, large connection and low latency in the 5G era. ALSO READ ZTE Announces the First 5G Flagship Smartphone at MWC 2019\nAt the same time, ZTE is deploying its IoT portfolio designed for three vertical categories \"Individuals, Vehicles and Homes\". The portfolio draws the future picture of a smarter life for personal safety, smart home, smart travel, vehicle and asset tracking, voice assistants, mesh routers, T Box, C V2X (cellular vehicle to everything) car networking solutions and much more.\nZTE Axon10 Pro 5G has been announced in China, Germany, UAE, Finland and Austria in the first half of 2019. It's available in Finland and UAE now. Along with the grants of 5G licenses in China, ZTE Axon 10 Pro 5G will soon be available for consumers in July in China.\nIn addition, at the MWC Shanghai official panel, ZTE will share its views on how to achieve a win win situation in the 5G era through 5G innovation, and on 5G terminals, new energy, 5G MEC innovative applications, 5G network slicing business model and operation, AI enabling 5G and 5GC network construction strategies.\nAt 14:30 p.m. on June 26, at the Kerry Hotel Pudong, ZTE will hold the 5G Industry Development Summit Forum to discuss 5G industry collaboration with industry organizations, operators and industry partners, in a bid to promote 5G technology and application innovation.\nCommitted to promoting the commercial deployment of 5G, ZTE has cooperated with more than 60 operators worldwide in 5G. ZTE has more than 200 strategic partners covering smart manufacturing, new media, Internet of Vehicles, and smart grid. Fully capable of providing end to end 5G solutions, ZTE is ready to work closely with industry partners to actively promote 5G service applications and practices, to facilitate the digital transformation of vertical industries. Spread the love: Posted In ZTE Tagged In axon 10 pro , ZTE Post navigation", "URL": "https://www.ohsem.me/2019/06/zte-to-demonstrate-its-end-to-end-5g-commercial-use-at-mwc-shanghai-2019/"}, {"Title": "ZTE to demonstrate its all-around preparation for end-to-end 5G", "Text": "(SHENZHEN, China, June 25, 2019 PRNewswire=\uc5f0\ud569\ub274\uc2a4) ZTE Corporation (0763.HK / 000063.SZ), a leading provider of telecommunications, enterprise and consumer technology solutions for the mobile internet is to showcase its latest commercial developments of end to end 5G technologies at Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai 2019, which will commence on June 26, 2019.\nZTE will focus on the principle of \"Enabling 5G networking with four basic operations of arithmetic addition, subtraction, multiplication and division\" and introduce the latest achievements and series of 5G terminals in the fields of 5G end to end solution, 5G&4G full scene coverage, 5G commercial deployment, AI network intelligence, on demand network, 5G open ecology and featured industrial applications. ZTE delivers a message to the world: ZTE is ready for the full commercial use in the end to end 5G era.\nZTE is committed to building an ideal 5G network for operators by adhering to the \"addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division\" principle.\n Subtraction: Aiming at building a \"supreme simple network,\" the UniSite minimized site solution provides differentiated match solutions for various scenarios, such as dense urban areas, indoor areas, hot streets, general urban areas and high speed railway tunnels. The Ultra band Radio (UBR) integrates three mainstream frequency bands: 900 M, 1800 M and 2100 M, so that the number of site equipment is reduced by 2/3. Coupled with the built in combiner RRU, the single antenna can provide the site deployment of Sub3GHz in 2/3/4/5G multi frequency band to achieve the simplest antenna deployment.\nOriented at the long term coexistence and integrated evolution of 4/5G, the first industry base station that supports both 4/5G dual mode and 5G NSA&SA dual mode is launched. That is, a set of 3 mode hardware network helps the operator achieve a long term development.\nIn addition, to meet the requirement of operators for sharing and co construction, the dual 200 MHz large bandwidth and high integration base station is launched to save the overall network investment and accelerate the commercial use of 5G.\nTo integrate the network architecture into a simple one, ZTE launched an ultra large capacity all standard IT BBU platform, supporting multi mode network integration and long term evolution with the simplest baseband.\nThe first commercial 5G Common Core in the industry is launched by ZTE as well. It supports 2/3/4/5G/fixed full integration and full access, 3GPP R15 SA and NSA, and saves 40% investment for the carrier.\nIn addition, a simplified and flexible transport network is built. The network layers are simplified with highly integrated all in one product. The traditional protocol architecture is simplified from six layers to four layers so that the service provisioning is quickly implemented. Various innovative network automation technologies are employed to achieve quick fault locating.\nThe self developed 3 in 1 chip integrates FlexE, NP (Network Processor) and SA (Switching Access) to reduce the equipment power consumption by more than 40% per Gbit.\n Addition: +MEC to achieve activation edge; +AI to add intelligence to the network. ZTE MEC supports integrated access of wireless and fixed networks, as well as 4G/5G/WiFi multiple systems providing open wireless sensing capability for 5G industrial applications. The dual core cloud platform greatly improves resource utilization.\nThe full series of MEC servers of ZTE can match different application scenarios, and support hardware acceleration to meet the ultra low latency and ultra high bandwidth requirements of edge services and reduce CPU resource consumption and footprint requirements.\nThe series of AI Engine developed by ZTE has been applied in the full 5G scenarios to achieve zero touch, fast fault location and network self optimization, as well as enable the AI based autonomous evolving wireless network.\n Division: To realize network reuse, reduce the costs of network construction and O & M, decrease error application versions and increase the online speed, ZTE makes full use of network slicing. ZTE's 5G slicing store can be customized and adjusted on demand. It has the capability of serving multiple vertical customers at the same time, and enables thousands of services in one network.\n Multiplication: The 5G network is multiplied by the vertical industry. Combined with AI, cloud computing, big data, edge computing, and the Internet of Things, 5G is applied to all vertical industries to expand the new blue ocean of 5G services.\nWith the issue of commercial 5G licenses in China, ZTE and the three major operators have fully started network construction. At MWC Shanghai 2019, ZTE will showcase multiple 5G technologies at the booths of three major operators, such as multi user MIMO demonstration in the full commercial 5G network environment, 5G mmWave 16 channel 4K HD video demonstration, remote unmanned driving, robot remote precise control, 5G+AR holographic communication and interaction in the virtual space, and 5G mobile phones of multiple brands playing cloud games based on the ZTE commercial equipment of 5G new air interface.\nOutside the exhibition hall, ZTE will bring smooth service experiences, such as 8K VR live broadcast and 16 channels of HD video. The ZTE Shanghai R & D Center will also open to customers for a visit. It will focus on six major 5G industrial applications, including 5G+8K extremely clear live broadcast, all round 5G video analysis, 5G patrol robot, 5G smart water control, Class VR (education) and self developed AR platform, waiting for customers to launch the journey of 5G innovation.\nIn addition, ZTE will showcase a series of diversified 5G terminal devices, including the 5G Smartphone, 5G Indoor Router, 5G Outdoor Router, 5G Mobile Wi Fi Router, 5G Ethernet Box, 5G Module and so forth at MWC Shanghai 2019 for the first time.\nZTE is committed to boosting the digital transformation of the entire industry and empowering the intelligent connectivity. ZTE Axon 10 Pro 5G and ZTE 5G Indoor Router MC801 enable consumers to acquire incredible 5G experiences AR, cloud gaming, 4K video and ultra fast speeds, as well as 5G+8K extremely clear live broadcast, all round 5G video analysis, 5G patrol robot , cloud XR remote cooperation system, Class VR (education) and more encouraging industrial application scenarios under a 5G network at MWC Shanghai 2019, which present the upgraded mobile internet experience based on the full scene coverage, large connection and low latency in the 5G era.\nAt the same time, ZTE is deploying its IoT portfolio designed for three vertical categories \"Individuals, Vehicles and Homes\". The portfolio draws the future picture of a smarter life for personal safety, smart home, smart travel, vehicle and asset tracking, voice assistants, mesh routers, T Box, C V2X (cellular vehicle to everything) car networking solutions and much more.\nZTE Axon 10 Pro 5G has been announced in China, Germany, UAE, Finland and Austria in the first half of 2019. It's available in Finland and UAE now. Along with the grants of 5G licenses in China, ZTE Axon 10 Pro 5G will soon be available for consumers in July in China.\nIn addition, at the MWC Shanghai official panel, ZTE will share its views on how to achieve a win win situation in the 5G era through 5G innovation, and on 5G terminals, new energy, 5G MEC innovative applications, 5G network slicing business model and operation, AI enabling 5G and 5GC network construction strategies.\nAt 14:30 p.m. on June 26, at the Kerry Hotel Pudong, ZTE will hold the 5G Industry Development Summit Forum to discuss 5G industry collaboration with industry organizations, operators and industry partners, in a bid to promote 5G technology and application innovation.\nCommitted to promoting the commercial deployment of 5G, ZTE has cooperated with more than 60 operators worldwide in 5G. ZTE has more than 200 strategic partners covering smart manufacturing, new media, Internet of Vehicles, and smart grid. Fully capable of providing end to end 5G solutions, ZTE is ready to work closely with industry partners to actively promote 5G service applications and practices, to facilitate the digital transformation of vertical industries.\nAbout ZTE\nZTE is a provider of advanced telecommunications systems, mobile devices, and enterprise technology solutions to consumers, carriers, companies and public sector customers. As part of ZTE's M ICT strategy, the company is committed to provide customers with integrated end to end innovations to deliver excellence and value as the telecommunications and information technology sectors converge. Listed in the stock exchanges of Hong Kong and Shenzhen (H share stock code: 0763.HK / A share stock code: 000063.SZ), ZTE's products and services are sold to over 500 operators in more than 160 countries. ZTE commits 10 per cent of its annual revenue to research and development and has leadership roles in international standard setting organizations. ZTE is committed to corporate social responsibility and is a member of the UN Global Compact. For more information, please visit www.zte.com.cn.\nMedia Contacts:\nMargaret Ma\nZTE Corporation\nTel: +86 755 26775189\nEmail: ma.gaili@zte.com.cn\nSource: ZTE Corporation", "URL": "https://www.yna.co.kr/view/AKR20190625092900009?section=international/prnewswire"}, {"Title": "[PRNewswire] ZTE to demonstrate its all-around preparation for end-to-end 5G", "Text": "AsiaNet/ ZTE Corporation (0763.HK / 000063.SZ), a leading provider of telecommunications, enterprise and consumer technology solutions for the mobile internet is to showcase its latest commercial developments of end to end 5G technologies at Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai 2019, which will commence on June 26, 2019. ZTE will focus on the principle of \"Enabling 5G networking with four basic operations of arithmetic addition, subtraction, multiplication and division\" and introduce the latest achievements and series of 5G terminals in the fields of 5G end to end solution, 5G&4G full scene coverage, 5G commercial deployment, AI network intelligence, on demand network, 5G open ecology and featured industrial applications. ZTE delivers a message to the world: ZTE is ready for the full commercial use in the end to end 5G era. ZTE is committed to building an ideal 5G network for operators by adhering to the \"addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division\" principle. Subtraction: Aiming at building a \"supreme simple network,\" the UniSite minimized site solution provides differentiated match solutions for various scenarios, such as dense urban areas, indoor areas, hot streets, general urban areas and high speed railway tunnels. The Ultra band Radio (UBR) integrates three mainstream frequency bands: 900 M, 1800 M and 2100 M, so that the number of site equipment is reduced by 2/3. Coupled with the built in combiner RRU, the single antenna can provide the site deployment of Sub3GHz in 2/3/4/5G multi frequency band to achieve the simplest antenna deployment. Oriented at the long term coexistence and integrated evolution of 4/5G, the first industry base station that supports both 4/5G dual mode and 5G NSA&SA dual mode is launched. That is, a set of 3 mode hardware network helps the operator achieve a long term development. In addition, to meet the requirement of operators for sharing and co construction, the dual 200 MHz large bandwidth and high integration base station is launched to save the overall network investment and accelerate the commercial use of 5G. To integrate the network architecture into a simple one, ZTE launched an ultra large capacity all standard IT BBU platform, supporting multi mode network integration and long term evolution with the simplest baseband. The first commercial 5G Common Core in the industry is launched by ZTE as well. It supports 2/3/4/5G/fixed full integration and full access, 3GPP R15 SA and NSA, and saves 40% investment for the carrier. In addition, a simplified and flexible transport network is built. The network layers are simplified with highly integrated all in one product. The traditional protocol architecture is simplified from six layers to four layers so that the service provisioning is quickly implemented. Various innovative network automation technologies are employed to achieve quick fault locating. The self developed 3 in 1 chip integrates FlexE, NP (Network Processor) and SA (Switching Access) to reduce the equipment power consumption by more than 40% per Gbit. Addition: +MEC to achieve activation edge; +AI to add intelligence to the network. ZTE MEC supports integrated access of wireless and fixed networks, as well as 4G/5G/WiFi multiple systems providing open wireless sensing capability for 5G industrial applications. The dual core cloud platform greatly improves resource utilization. The full series of MEC servers of ZTE can match different application scenarios, and support hardware acceleration to meet the ultra low latency and ultra high bandwidth requirements of edge services and reduce CPU resource consumption and footprint requirements. The series of AI Engine developed by ZTE has been applied in the full 5G scenarios to achieve zero touch, fast fault location and network self optimization, as well as enable the AI based autonomous evolving wireless network. Division: To realize network reuse, reduce the costs of network construction and O & M, decrease error application versions and increase the online speed, ZTE makes full use of network slicing. ZTE's 5G slicing store can be customized and adjusted on demand. It has the capability of serving multiple vertical customers at the same time, and enables thousands of services in one network. Multiplication: The 5G network is multiplied by the vertical industry. Combined with AI, cloud computing, big data, edge computing, and the Internet of Things, 5G is applied to all vertical industries to expand the new blue ocean of 5G services. With the issue of commercial 5G licenses in China, ZTE and the three major operators have fully started network construction. At MWC Shanghai 2019, ZTE will showcase multiple 5G technologies at the booths of three major operators, such as multi user MIMO demonstration in the full commercial 5G network environment, 5G mmWave 16 channel 4K HD video demonstration, remote unmanned driving, robot remote precise control, 5G+AR holographic communication and interaction in the virtual space, and 5G mobile phones of multiple brands playing cloud games based on the ZTE commercial equipment of 5G new air interface. Outside the exhibition hall, ZTE will bring smooth service experiences, such as 8K VR live broadcast and 16 channels of HD video. The ZTE Shanghai R & D Center will also open to customers for a visit. It will focus on six major 5G industrial applications, including 5G+8K extremely clear live broadcast, all round 5G video analysis, 5G patrol robot, 5G smart water control, Class VR (education) and self developed AR platform, waiting for customers to launch the journey of 5G innovation. In addition, ZTE will showcase a series of diversified 5G terminal devices, including the 5G Smartphone, 5G Indoor Router, 5G Outdoor Router, 5G Mobile Wi Fi Router, 5G Ethernet Box, 5G Module and so forth at MWC Shanghai 2019 for the first time. ZTE is committed to boosting the digital transformation of the entire industry and empowering the intelligent connectivity. ZTE Axon 10 Pro 5G and ZTE 5G Indoor Router MC801 enable consumers to acquire incredible 5G experiences AR, cloud gaming, 4K video and ultra fast speeds, as well as 5G+8K extremely clear live broadcast, all round 5G video analysis, 5G patrol robot , cloud XR remote cooperation system, Class VR (education) and more encouraging industrial application scenarios under a 5G network at MWC Shanghai 2019, which present the upgraded mobile internet experience based on the full scene coverage, large connection and low latency in the 5G era. At the same time, ZTE is deploying its IoT portfolio designed for three vertical categories \"Individuals, Vehicles and Homes\". The portfolio draws the future picture of a smarter life for personal safety, smart home, smart travel, vehicle and asset tracking, voice assistants, mesh routers, T Box, C V2X (cellular vehicle to everything) car networking solutions and much more. ZTE Axon 10 Pro 5G has been announced in China, Germany, UAE, Finland and Austria in the first half of 2019. It's available in Finland and UAE now. Along with the grants of 5G licenses in China, ZTE Axon 10 Pro 5G will soon be available for consumers in July in China. In addition, at the MWC Shanghai official panel, ZTE will share its views on how to achieve a win win situation in the 5G era through 5G innovation, and on 5G terminals, new energy, 5G MEC innovative applications, 5G network slicing business model and operation, AI enabling 5G and 5GC network construction strategies. At 14:30 p.m. on June 26, at the Kerry Hotel Pudong, ZTE will hold the 5G Industry Development Summit Forum to discuss 5G industry collaboration with industry organizations, operators and industry partners, in a bid to promote 5G technology and application innovation. Committed to promoting the commercial deployment of 5G, ZTE has cooperated with more than 60 operators worldwide in 5G. ZTE has more than 200 strategic partners covering smart manufacturing, new media, Internet of Vehicles, and smart grid. Fully capable of providing end to end 5G solutions, ZTE is ready to work closely with industry partners to actively promote 5G service applications and practices, to facilitate the digital transformation of vertical industries. About ZTE ZTE is a provider of advanced telecommunications systems, mobile devices, and enterprise technology solutions to consumers, carriers, companies and public sector customers. As part of ZTE's M ICT strategy, the company is committed to provide customers with integrated end to end innovations to deliver excellence and value as the telecommunications and information technology sectors converge. Listed in the stock exchanges of Hong Kong and Shenzhen (H share stock code: 0763.HK / A share stock code: 000063.SZ), ZTE's products and services are sold to over 500 operators in more than 160 countries. ZTE commits 10 per cent of its annual revenue to research and development and has leadership roles in international standard setting organizations. ZTE is committed to corporate social responsibility and is a member of the UN Global Compact. For more information, please visit www.zte.com.cn. Media Contacts: Margaret Ma ZTE Corporation Tel: +86 755 26775189 Email: ma.gaili@zte.com.cn SOURCE ZTE Corporation", "URL": "https://www.yna.co.kr/view/AKR20190625092900009?section=international/all"}, {"Title": "ZTE to demonstrate its all-around preparation for end-to-end 5G commercial use", "Text": "All news ZTE to demonstrate its all around preparation for end to end 5G commercial use\nSHENZHEN, China, June 25, 2019 /PRNewswire/ ZTE Corporation (0763.HK / 000063.SZ), a leading provider of telecommunications, enterprise and consumer technology solutions for the mobile internet is to showcase its latest commercial developments of end to end 5G technologies at Mobile World Congress (MWC) Shanghai 2019, which will commence on June 26, 2019.\nZTE will focus on the principle of \"Enabling 5G networking with four basic operations of arithmetic addition, subtraction, multiplication and division\" and introduce the latest achievements and series of 5G terminals in the fields of 5G end to end solution, 5G&4G full scene coverage, 5G commercial deployment, AI network intelligence, on demand network, 5G open ecology and featured industrial applications. ZTE delivers a message to the world: ZTE is ready for the full commercial use in the end to end 5G era.\nZTE is committed to building an ideal 5G network for operators by adhering to the \"addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division\" principle. Subtraction: Aiming at building a \"supreme simple network,\" the UniSite minimized site solution provides differentiated match solutions for various scenarios, such as dense urban areas, indoor areas, hot streets, general urban areas and high speed railway tunnels. The Ultra band Radio (UBR) integrates three mainstream frequency bands: 900 M, 1800 M and 2100 M, so that the number of site equipment is reduced by 2/3. Coupled with the built in combiner RRU, the single antenna can provide the site deployment of Sub3GHz in 2/3/4/5G multi frequency band to achieve the simplest antenna deployment.\nOriented at the long term coexistence and integrated evolution of 4/5G, the first industry base station that supports both 4/5G dual mode and 5G NSA&SA dual mode is launched. That is, a set of 3 mode hardware network helps the operator achieve a long term development.\nIn addition, to meet the requirement of operators for sharing and co construction, the dual 200 MHz large bandwidth and high integration base station is launched to save the overall network investment and accelerate the commercial use of 5G.\nTo integrate the network architecture into a simple one, ZTE launched an ultra large capacity all standard IT BBU platform, supporting multi mode network integration and long term evolution with the simplest baseband.\nThe first commercial 5G Common Core in the industry is launched by ZTE as well. It supports 2/3/4/5G/fixed full integration and full access, 3GPP R15 SA and NSA, and saves 40% investment for the carrier.\nIn addition, a simplified and flexible transport network is built. The network layers are simplified with highly integrated all in one product. The traditional protocol architecture is simplified from six layers to four layers so that the service provisioning is quickly implemented. Various innovative network automation technologies are employed to achieve quick fault locating.\nThe self developed 3 in 1 chip integrates FlexE, NP (Network Processor) and SA (Switching Access) to reduce the equipment power consumption by more than 40% per Gbit. Addition: +MEC to achieve activation edge; +AI to add intelligence to the network. ZTE MEC supports integrated access of wireless and fixed networks, as well as 4G/5G/WiFi multiple systems providing open wireless sensing capability for 5G industrial applications. The dual core cloud platform greatly improves resource utilization.\nThe full series of MEC servers of ZTE can match different application scenarios, and support hardware acceleration to meet the ultra low latency and ultra high bandwidth requirements of edge services and reduce CPU resource consumption and footprint requirements.\nThe series of AI Engine developed by ZTE has been applied in the full 5G scenarios to achieve zero touch, fast fault location and network self optimization, as well as enable the AI based autonomous evolving wireless network. Division: To realize network reuse, reduce the costs of network construction and O & M, decrease error application versions and increase the online speed, ZTE makes full use of network slicing. ZTE's 5G slicing store can be customized and adjusted on demand. It has the capability of serving multiple vertical customers at the same time, and enables thousands of services in one network. Multiplication: The 5G network is multiplied by the vertical industry. Combined with AI, cloud computing, big data, edge computing, and the Internet of Things, 5G is applied to all vertical industries to expand the new blue ocean of 5G services.\nWith the issue of commercial 5G licenses in China, ZTE and the three major operators have fully started network construction. At MWC Shanghai 2019, ZTE will showcase multiple 5G technologies at the booths of three major operators, such as multi user MIMO demonstration in the full commercial 5G network environment, 5G mmWave 16 channel 4K HD video demonstration, remote unmanned driving, robot remote precise control, 5G+AR holographic communication and interaction in the virtual space, and 5G mobile phones of multiple brands playing cloud games based on the ZTE commercial equipment of 5G new air interface.\nOutside the exhibition hall, ZTE will bring smooth service experiences, such as 8K VR live broadcast and 16 channels of HD video. The ZTE Shanghai R & D Center will also open to customers for a visit. It will focus on six major 5G industrial applications, including 5G+8K extremely clear live broadcast, all round 5G video analysis, 5G patrol robot, 5G smart water control, Class VR (education) and self developed AR platform, waiting for customers to launch the journey of 5G innovation.\nIn addition, ZTE will showcase a series of diversified 5G terminal devices, including the 5G Smartphone, 5G Indoor Router, 5G Outdoor Router, 5G Mobile Wi Fi Router, 5G Ethernet Box, 5G Module and so forth at MWC Shanghai 2019 for the first time.\nZTE is committed to boosting the digital transformation of the entire industry and empowering the intelligent connectivity. ZTE Axon 10 Pro 5G and ZTE 5G Indoor Router MC801 enable consumers to acquire incredible 5G experiences AR, cloud gaming, 4K video and ultra fast speeds, as well as 5G+8K extremely clear live broadcast, all round 5G video analysis, 5G patrol robot , cloud XR remote cooperation system, Class VR (education) and more encouraging industrial application scenarios under a 5G network at MWC Shanghai 2019, which present the upgraded mobile internet experience based on the full scene coverage, large connection and low latency in the 5G era.\nAt the same time, ZTE is deploying its IoT portfolio designed for three vertical categories \"Individuals, Vehicles and Homes\". The portfolio draws the future picture of a smarter life for personal safety, smart home, smart travel, vehicle and asset tracking, voice assistants, mesh routers, T Box, C V2X (cellular vehicle to everything) car networking solutions and much more.\nZTE Axon 10 Pro 5G has been announced in China, Germany, UAE, Finland and Austria in the first half of 2019. It's available in Finland and UAE now. Along with the grants of 5G licenses in China, ZTE Axon 10 Pro 5G will soon be available for consumers in July in China.\nIn addition, at the MWC Shanghai official panel, ZTE will share its views on how to achieve a win win situation in the 5G era through 5G innovation, and on 5G terminals, new energy, 5G MEC innovative applications, 5G network slicing business model and operation, AI enabling 5G and 5GC network construction strategies.\nAt 14:30 p.m. on June 26, at the Kerry Hotel Pudong, ZTE will hold the 5G Industry Development Summit Forum to discuss 5G industry collaboration with industry organizations, operators and industry partners, in a bid to promote 5G technology and application innovation.\nCommitted to promoting the commercial deployment of 5G, ZTE has cooperated with more than 60 operators worldwide in 5G. ZTE has more than 200 strategic partners covering smart manufacturing, new media, Internet of Vehicles, and smart grid. Fully capable of providing end to end 5G solutions, ZTE is ready to work closely with industry partners to actively promote 5G service applications and practices, to facilitate the digital transformation of vertical industries. About ZTE\nZTE is a provider of advanced telecommunications systems, mobile devices, and enterprise technology solutions to consumers, carriers, companies and public sector customers. As part of ZTE's M ICT strategy, the company is committed to provide customers with integrated end to end innovations to deliver excellence and value as the telecommunications and information technology sectors converge. Listed in the stock exchanges of Hong Kong and Shenzhen (H share stock code: 0763.HK / A share stock code: 000063.SZ), ZTE's products and services are sold to over 500 operators in more than 160 countries. ZTE commits 10 per cent of its annual revenue to research and development and has leadership roles in international standard setting organizations. ZTE is committed to corporate social responsibility and is a member of the UN Global Compact. For more information, please visit www.zte.com.cn.", "URL": "https://tass.com/press-releases/1065402"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "VMware, Inc.", "intensity": 8.0, "score": 2417, "relationshipStrength": "Weak", "news": [{"Title": "OVH rebrands to take its European cloud to the world", "Text": "Call it OVHcloud now Peter Judge\nFrench cloud provider OVH has rebranded as OVHcloud, and announced global ambitions, describing itself as the only European cloud provider offering an alternative to US and Chinese providers.\nOVH has long offered cloud services based around Kubernetes, OpenStack and VMware, delivered from its own hardware within its own data centers, at locations round the world. Under the new brand, announced at its 20th anniversary Summit meeting in Paris, it intends to become more visible, and capitalize on its claim to offer higher privacy than other providers.\nThe Summit also included endorsements from the French Digital Economy minister C\u00e9dric O, and software giant Cap Gemini, which now treats OVHcloud as a cloud partner, and also from Deloitte. Cloudy with a chance of frogs' legs Michael Paulin, OVH CEO \u2013 Peter Judge/DCD\n\"We are a cloud company,\" said Michael Paulin, the telecom executive appointed as OVH's CEO in 2018. \"More than 70 percent of our revenues are in cloud services, including bare metal, public and private clouds.\"\nOVHcloud is the only major cloud provider in Europe, he said: \"All the others are US or Chinese, and there is one Japanese operator. We are the European cloud provider with a worldwide presence in four continents. We own our own network and our data centers. We build our own data centers and servers.\"\nThe company has a US subsidiary based partly around vCloud Air, the VMware public cloud subsidiary which OVH bought in 2017 , when VMware failed at public cloud services. OVH uses VMware to offer hosted private cloud.\nWhile OVHcloud's US arm has signed up to the US CLOUD Act, which grants the US authorities access to cloud data, it is constituted separately to the rest of OVHcloud, said Paulin, which means that OVHcloud services delivered from Canada, Europe, and Asia are not subject to the much criticized measure.\n\"The CLOUD Act allows one country to have access to companies' data worldwide,\" said Paulin. \"Does that serve the customer?\" Stressing OVHcloud's openness, he promised that the company could offer a strong world wide cloud free of the CLOUD Act or operate within it, if required, through its US arm.\nOVHcloud will continue to make its own distinctive hardware and build ecosystems rather than acquisitions. \"The answer European needs is an ecosystem of partnerships, to compete with monolithic competitors.\" French minister for the Digital Economy, Cedric O \u2013 Peter Judge / DCD O for OVHcloud\nFrance's Minister for the Digital Economy, C\u00e9dric O, took to the stage at the summit, with an endorsement of OVHcloud's strategy: \"We are in a global competition which is very intense between US and China,\" he said [simultaneous translation]. \"And France needs to be up to speed with this technology.\"\nO warned that with applications and technology from phones to social media coming from US and Chinese companies, Europeans were being forced to operate under US and Chinese values, and the tech leaders were not necessarily to be trusted.\n\"The people at the head of the tech giants are not reasonable,\" he said [translated] , \"because you can't succeed by being reasonable. We need a real European ecosystem; if we don't want to be strangled, we can't work alone.\"\nOn the technology front, OVHcloud annouced it would offer a bare metal Kubernetes service, and that its implementation of VMware's software defined data center (SDDC) product set is more advanced than other players'.\nOVH founder Octave Klaba is still very hands on with the company: he had recently returned from a five month spell in Texas, integrating the culture of the US subsidiary with the French parent. \"It's not European culture versus American,\" he said, saying that Europe or at least OVHcloud is all about \"passion and trust.\" Further reading", "URL": "https://www.datacenterdynamics.com/news/ovh-rebrands-take-its-european-cloud-world/"}, {"Title": "OVH rebrand signals renewed push to become Europe\u2019s alternative cloud provider of choice", "Text": "French public cloud provider OVH has undergone a rebrand and doubled down on its pledge to offer European enterprises an alternative place to store their data Share this item with your network: By Published: 15 Oct 2019 10:30\nFrench infrastructure as a service ( IaaS ) provider OVH is marking its 20th year in business with a corporate rebrand, as it pursues greater enterprise market traction outside of its home country, while capitalising on its position as one of the world's top 10 cloud providers.\nOver its 20 year history, the OVH brand has come to mean different things to different people, as the focus of its business has shifted from providing telephony, internet service provider, and web hosting services.\nIn more recent years, its portfolio of services has evolved and expanded further to include private and public cloud services aimed at a mix of enterprises, startups, scaleups and small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs).\nBut with the firm claiming that 70% of its revenue is now generated by its IaaS, private hosted cloud and other off premise endeavours, the organisation has changed its name to OVHcloud in recognition of how big this part of its business now is.\n\"The name change is a way to demonstrate to the market, especially the markets where we are not well known, that we are a cloud provider and we should not be perceived as a small web hosting company,\" said OVHcloud CEO Michel Paulin during a media briefing ahead of the 2019 OVHcloud Summit in Paris, France.\n\"That doesn't mean we do not want to do web hosting \u2013 not at all, but especially when we are in the enterprise market, perception is important. And that's the reason we decided to adapt our branding to the reality of what OVH is already.\" Europe's global cloud provider\nThe company is also doubling down on its efforts to market itself as a European alternative to the big three US based public cloud giants, as well as their Chinese challengers, and rid itself of the \"best kept secret\" tag the analyst community has assigned it, said Paulin.\nAccording to figures issued by the company during the summit, OVHcloud now has 1.5 million customers signed up to use its cloud and web hosting services around the world.\nTo capitalise on these adoption figures, and build awareness of the refreshed brand, the company is committed to investing over the coming year into all the markets in which it already has a presence \u2013 including the UK, Italy, Spain, Poland, Germany, Canada and the Asia Pacific region.\n\"It's true our branding is not at the level of our expertise or even our size,\" said Paulin. \"Outside of Europe, our visibility is lower than our market share sometimes.\n\"And we have decided to invest much more in our clusters outside of France, to recruit people and make investments throughout the supply chain \u2013 marketing, sales, pre sales, support and research and development \u2013 because we do believe today that our solutions are at the top of the game and that we are the top player.\" OVHcloud CEO Michel Paulin addresses the Summit in Paris\nFrom a UK perspective, Paulin was quick to add that, regardless of how the UK's efforts to exit from the European Union pan out, its investment plans will stand, and are being concentrated on driving up adoption of its cloud technologies within two distinct customer groups.\nThese include firms operating within the enterprise market, and downstream organisations within the startup and scaleup space, he said.\nOne way the company will be looking to win these groups over is through competitive pricing, with Paulin acknowledging elsewhere during the summit that OVHcloud is sometimes accused of being \"aggressive\" on this front.\nIt is able to be so because of the economies of scale it gains from the fact that the infrastructure underpinning its cloud is all self owned and made, he said.\n\"We have a presence in four continents, we own our networks, we own our datacentres, and we build our own datacentres and servers. We are a fully integrated, worldwide cloud provider, providing services based on our own infrastructure that we design,\" he added. Expanding into UK enterprises\nAs far as the company's enterprise business is concerned in the UK, many of its existing customers are those it inherited through its 2017 acquisition of VMware's vCloud Air hybrid cloud business.\nThe setup was originally pitched by the virtualisation giant as a means of giving organisations access to IaaS services based on VMware's vSphere technology, while enabling them to run their applications and workloads in the cloud or on premise.\nSince the acquisition closed, OVH has taken steps to become more hands on with the management of the vCloud Air user base, and has invested in building out more localised support for its enterprise users, having previously run much of that out of France, Adnan Patka, the firm's head of UK sales, told Computer Weekly during the OVHcloud Summit.\nThe organisation will also be leaning on its revamped channel partner programme to lure in more enterprises through the work of members such as Deloitte and Capgemini, which will be on hand to help them get to grips with the wider contents of OVHcloud's service portfolio, said Patka.\nThe firm's efforts to court the startup community through its accelerator programme are with one eye on the enterprise market too, he said.\nAfter all, today's startups could well become the enterprises of tomorrow, and as they scale, it may follow that their use of OVHcloud technologies will ramp up accordingly, said Patka.\nAt the same time, the people working at these startups might move on one day, and end up championing the use of the services they have used in previous jobs, he added.\n\"What happens is that a lot of developers might start their careers at a startup, get exposed to our technologies and then move on to work somewhere else, and that can lead to grassroots support for newer, emerging and less well known technologies within enterprises.\n\"That is why we don't neglect the startup community, because it can be very useful for OVH from a brand awareness building point of view.\" Expanding overseas\nBut expanding its presence within the US is less of priority, said Paulin, because the company's focus is really on setting itself apart in a market that is largely dominated by US and Chinese technology giants.\nAccording to analyst house Canalys's 2018 full year cloud infrastructure market tracker report, OVH occupies a spot within the world's top 10 providers, but the fact that it is the only one from Europe to do so is an important point of differentiation for the firm, said Paulin.\n\"We do believe this is something that is critical on the promises that we provide to the customers, because we position ourselves as the European alternative cloud provider with a worldwide presence,\" he said.\nThe firm's positioning as an \"alternative provider\" relates back to its championing of open source technologies, and the edge it claims that being a European provider gives it from a data protection point of view.\n\"The protection of data has become a societal commitment,\" said Paulin. \"Europe, with the GDPR [General Data Protection Regulation], has created powerful, ethical rules around the protection of private data,\" said Paulin.\n\"Unfortunately, the position of Europe is not universal throughout the entire world. Certain nation states want to access and control data.\"\nOn this point, Paulin went on to remind the firm's customers, both existing and prospective, that \u2013 unlike Amazon, Microsoft and Google's cloud platforms \u2013 its infrastructure is largely exempt from having to comply with the US government's Clarifying Lawful Overseas Use of Data Act (aka the Cloud Act).\nThat act grants law enforcement agencies the right to demand access to data stored on servers hosted by US based tech firms, including those located overseas.\n\"Obviously, I can't stop myself from citing the famous Cloud Act, and I think it is legitimate to question whether its aims are ultimately to favour and promote the interests of national actors \u2013 and their national interests,\" said Paulin.\nFrom a data privacy perspective, OVHcloud is keen to ensure that its customers' data is closed off from overseas interference, but from a data portability point of view, it is an avid champion of keeping the cloud open, said Paulin.\nAs proof of this, he cited OVHcloud's contributions to the European Commission's Data Portability Code of Conduct, and the support it has given to previous efforts to secure the free flow of non personal data within the European Union.\nWhile the championing of open technologies, data portability and Europe as a safe place to store data are all important in terms off furthering OVHcloud's business interests, there are also bigger, societally important themes that its work feeds into. Read more about public cloud providers The public sector cloud business takes time and resources to build , but the rewards can be meaningful, as the founder of Amazon Web Service's public sector division has found. Six months into his tenure as OVH's CEO, Michel Paulin sets out the work the firm is doing to stand out from the public cloud crowd through its local knowledge of the European data protection landscape and its open source credentials.\nC\u00e9dric O, secretary of state for the digital economy of France, used his time during the OVHcloud Summit keynote to set out the economic and data sovereignty implications of Europe's growing reliance on US based and Chinese tech providers.\n\"We are in a global competition for technologies that is quite ferocious, and with a great deal of inequality with two major ensembles, the US And China,\" he said.\n\"One of the imperatives for Europe and France, in particular, is to be up to speed on this digital technology and from a competition standpoint.\"\nThis is for a number of reasons, not just the potential for accelerated job creation across the continent if France and other European players are able to wrest market share away from US and Chinese providers, said O.\n\"We can feel today, in the applications we use and the companies that are taking up more of our daily lives, quite often these are American or Chinese companies. We are in a universe that is American or Chinese,\" he added.\n\"Each time we abandon our own values because these are terms or conditions of use that are based on American and Chinese values. Our values, I don't know if ours are better or less good, but they are not the same.\n\"So when we are working in a world where we have players who are not European and they're taking all our space, we abandon what makes our value and culture so important.\" Download this free guide Computer Weekly's buyers guide to multicloud\nIn this 15 page buyer's guide, we look at the importance of software defined wide area networks in successful migration, the complications that come with juggling clouds, and Microsoft's journey into multicloud support. Start Download You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn't appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E mail Address. I agree to TechTarget's Terms of Use , Privacy Policy , and the transfer of my information to the United States for processing to provide me with relevant information as described in our Privacy Policy. Please check the box if you want to proceed. I agree to my information being processed by TechTarget and its Partners to contact me via phone, email, or other means regarding information relevant to my professional interests. I may unsubscribe at any time. Please check the box if you want to proceed. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. Read more on Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)", "URL": "https://www.computerweekly.com/news/252472249/OVH-rebrand-hints-at-renewed-push-to-become-Europes-alternative-cloud-provider-of-choice"}, {"Title": "VMware Snags Uhana for AI-Driven Mobile Network Optimization", "Text": "VMware Snags Uhana for AI Driven Mobile Network Optimization News Analysis Tweet VMware plans to acquire Uhana, a company using deep learning and real time AI to optimize carrier mobile networks and applications. VMware is looking to the acquisition to help operators make the transition to programmable and virtualized 4G and 5G networks, along with the rise of low latency applications such as cloud gaming, VR, AR and IoT.\n\"Uhana helps operators reduce the cost of network operations, improve operational efficiency and offer a differentiated application experience in an industry where mobile connectivity is being commoditized,\" Shekar Ayyar, VMware executive vice president of strategy and corporate development, and general manager of the telco NFV group, said in a blog post announcing the deal Thursday.\nUhana's platform is deployed in the operator's private or public cloud infrastructure. It ingests subscriber level network telemetry from a variety of data sources, including the radio access network, core network and over the top applications, and then processes the telemetry to optimize user experience. It includes an AI engine to discover and predict anomalies in the network and engine, prioritize their severity, infer likely causes and recommend optimization strategies for the best user experience.\nVMware plans to add Uhana to the VMware Telco Cloud and Edge Cloud portfolio.\nUhana Co Founder Sachin Katti said he is \"thrilled\" by the acquisition in a post on the company's home page.\nKatti is an associate professor for electrical engineering and computer science at Stanford University, technical steering board co chair for the O RAN Alliance, and founder and director of the xRAN Forum. Here's his LinkedIn profile and Stanford profile page.\nThe acquisition is reminiscent of VMware competitor Cisco's $3.7 billion purchase of AppDynamics in 2017, albeit on an infinitesimally smaller scale. Like Uhana, AppDynamics focuses on network optimization from a user experience perspective. Startup Nyansa has a similar goal.\nUhana has been funded in a seed and Series A round, with undisclosed terms.\nVMware's M&A team has been busy. Last week, VMware announced plans to acquire Bitfusion to optimize sharing GPU resources for AI applications, locally or across the network. \"Bitfusion offers a software platform that decouples specific physical resources from the servers they are attached to in the environment,\" Michael Adams, VMware senior director, Cloud Platform Product Marketing, said in a blog post. \"For example, the platform can share GPUs in a virtualized infrastructure, as a pool of network accessible resources, rather than isolated resources per server. Additionally, the platform can be extended to support other accelerators like FPGAs and ASICs. In many ways, Bitfusion offers for hardware acceleration what VMware offered to the compute landscape several years ago. Bitfusion also aligns well with VMware's 'Any Cloud, Any App, Any Device' vision with its ability to work across AI frameworks, clouds, networks, and formats such as virtual machines and containers.\" VMware plans to integrate Bitfusion into the vSphere platform.\nAlso this month, VMware completed its acquisition of Avi Networks , which provides a virtualized application delivery controller (ADC) for load balancing and optimizing application traffic in the cloud.\nRelated:", "URL": "https://www.lightreading.com/artificial-intelligence-machine-learning/vmware-snags-uhana-for-ai-driven-mobile-network-optimization/d/d-id/753057"}, {"Title": "Project helps develop the next generation of digital leaders in Africa \u2013 The Citizen", "Text": "A partnership between the African Union and VMware is hoped to give new impetus to preparing Africa's youth for the future. The woman in the regal red dress and gold turban cuts a dramatic figure as she sweeps through the halls of the Fira Gan Via expo centre in Barcelona, Spain.\nShe stands out in sharp contrast to thousands of hipsters in hoodies and businessmen in dark suits thronging the halls. But she is on a mission that will bring true relevance to the work of many of these conference delegates.\nShe is Sara Anyang Agbor, commissioner for HR, Science and Technology at the African Union Commission.\nAgbor is at the VMworld cloud conference to sign a memorandum of understanding with the event hosts, VMware. They are formalising a shared commitment to developing the next generation of digital leaders in Africa in a project called Virtualise Africa.\nWhen Agbor began her career as as a lecturer in the department of English at the University of Yaounde in Cameroon in the early 2000s, the last thing she worried about was technological infrastructure. But fast forward a decade and a half, and she talks of little else.\nAgbor is passionate about preparing Africa's youth for the future. Her focus is still on education, but she discusses it in terms far removed from her PhD in English literature.\n\"Nelson Mandela said it very well, that education is the greatest weapon that can transform the world, but what kind of education are we talking about?\" she poses the question after signing the memorandum.\n\"We're talking about the education that can lead to the future of work. It is no longer about us having degrees in history and degrees in English, etcetera.\n\"It is no longer important for kids to go to school, just for the sake of going to school and having certificates. It is very important for them to go to school that will give them jobs so that they can become job creators, rather than job seekers.\"\nTo that end, VMware will work with the African Union to bring to the continent the VMware IT Academy, a network of educational institutions that provides students with access to learning certification opportunities and hands on lab experiences with VMware technologies.\nDelegates to VMworld in Barcelona pick up new skills. Picture: Arthur Goldstuck\nVMware is the world's leading developer of software for managing data centres and businesses' adoption of cloud computing, generally referred to as virtualisation.\nIt is a strategic partner of cloud giants like Amazon Web Services, Microsoft and Oracle, which are all setting up data centres in SA, and creating thousands of jobs across the continent.\nAs such, VMware technology skills and certification represent a direct path into careers that are tailor made for the digital revolution sweeping the world.\nEverline Wangu Kamau Migwi , channel lead for VMware in East Africa, responsible for setting up the VMware IT Academy in the region, says the agreement is an outcome of the company's quest to use \" technology as a force for good\".\n\"We asked how we as VMware can play a role in bridging the digital skills in in the African continent,\" she says.\n\"Virtualise Africa was born, with a key mandate around education. We've partnered with learning institutions, starting with universities, a little over 30 in Africa, where we are now giving them material, learning resources, and labs, and they're able to acess this using a methodology called 'train the trainer'.\n\"It focuses on the faculty, on the staff, for sustainability of the programme within the learning institutions. Appreciating the fact that VMware virtualisation is the core of cloud computing, this is a technology that is well appreciated across Africa.\n\"But we find that we are not moving at the pace we need to, especially in the adoption of emerging technologies, because we don't have those skills.\n\"VMware also has a huge ecosystem with both a partner and customer ecosystem. So we looked at how we can leverage this ecosystem and ensure that those students who are graduating are able to innovate, are employable, and can be enterprising while doing that.\"\nGlobally, around 550 institutions are part of the programme, with the University of South Africa the first in this country coming on board. VMware also supplies licenses to several thousand institutions around the world to teach the curriculum with its products and solutions.\nEnter the African Union (AU). It has 55 member states, and the bulk of their populations are youths.\n\"We call it a demographic asset,\" says Agbor. \"But this demographic asset can also be a demographic liability or a demographic time bomb if we did not put in place the right resources to capture the mind of the African youth. Over 200 million African youth are unemployed. Many have certificates, but they do not have a job.\n\"As a result, there is no dream, there is no hope. So now they migrate, looking for the European dream, the Canadian dream or the American dream. But there is an African dream.\"\nVMware executive vice president Ray O' Farrell. Picture: Supplied\nIn response, the heads of states of the AU came up with a plan called agenda 2063, essentially a blueprint of the Africa they want to see by 2063. It is a 50 year plan, but divided into five phases of 10 years each.\n\"The eight departments in the AU commission each have a mandate to come up with projects that have an impact on social, economic development and sustainability levels.\n\"Agbor's department has the responsibility of capacity building and creating human resources for different kinds of jobs in the market.\"\nAs much as this vision feeds into the concept of the fourth industrial revolution, however, Agbor is not convinced that should be the focus.\n\"Where are we in Africa when it comes to these industrial revolutions? Have we been able to achieve even the first and the second industrial revolutions? Yet, we have a focus on the fourth industrial revolution, and we are moving with the crowd. We don't need to move with the crowd.\n\"When we look at ourselves as Africans, when we look at the continent, what are the things we are lacking? Where are the challenges, how can we create an African solution to the African challenges?\"\nIn response, the AU came up with the \"1 million by 2021\" initiative, to train one million African youths in employable IT skills over the next two years.\n\"Here we are saying, we need to empower the youth of Africa in four Es: the E of education, the E of entrepreneurship, the E of empowerment and employment, and the E of engagement. We need to get them engaged; we should not treat them like people who do not have a voice.\n\"Under the E of education, there are several pathways. The first one is internship and scholarship, and VMware's involvement was in this internship scholarship. The second one is alternative learning.\n\"Then, of course, virtualisation and cloud computing is an alternative way of learning, and speaks to the future of work. The fourth one is teacher training professionals.\"\nThe partnership with VMware, says Agbor, is in the spirt of ubuntu.\n\"That Africa dream that we are envisaging by 2063 can only be realised if the right infrastructures in Information and communications technologies are put in place. If not, there will be no dream, but there must be a dream, and there is a dream. So this partnership is in the spirit of ubuntu.\"\nVMware's Everline Wangu Kamau Migwi and African Union Commissioner Sara Anyang Agbo at VMworld in Barcelona. Picture: Arthur Goldstuck What skills do Virtualise Africa offer?\n\"The beauty about what the VMware IT Academy has offered for the Virtualise Africa programme is that the content is very well structured,\" says Everline Wangu Kamau Migwi, channel lead for VMware in East Africa.\n\"It is a phased, staged approach, that is targeted at different tiers of our solutions.\"\nStage one is a self paced nine hour core foundational element, for students to get an introduction to virtualisation.\nIn the second stage, which takes around 40 hours, students learn about digital business and related aspects of digital transformation. From there it becomes progressively more technical, up to a fifth, expert stage.\n\"Every stage is globally recognised. At the first stage, they get a badge, but from stage two to five they get certificates.\nWe do expect those interfacing with this material to be able to be on their own, but also we appreciate the concept of blended learning. So we also offer instructor led learning for stage four and five.\"\nAt that level, the job market begins to open to students, since VMware partners are required to hire people with these certificates, showing proficiency in the skills to be able to implement VMware solutions.\n\"These are real, in demand skills that are being offered, that are globally recognised,\" says Kamau Migwi.\nArthur Goldstuck is founder of World Wide Worx and editor inchief of Gadget.co.za. Follow him on Twitter and Instagram on @art2gee\nFor more news your way, download The Citizen's app for iOS and Android.\nBACK TO CITIZEN BACK TO PREMIUM JOIN PREMIUM SIGN IN SIGN OUT", "URL": "https://citizen.co.za/lifestyle/technology/2203998/project-helps-develop-the-next-generation-of-digital-leaders-in-africa/"}, {"Title": "Facebook's plan to eat the $127 billion data center market swallowed $2.5 billion last year, and will soon gobble more than $10 billion a year (FB)", "Text": "Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net Facebook's plan to eat the $127 billion data center market swallowed $2.5 billion last year, and will soon gobble more than $10 billion a year 0m Getty The Open Compute Project was founded by Facebook several years ago to create faster, cheaper, designs for data center hardware that are free for anyone to use. It has become a wildly popular project, and now includes Microsoft, Google, Apple, Goldman Sachs and other big companies. A new report commissioned by OCP says that its hardware, excluding that bought by its board members like Facebook and Microsoft, has become a $2.5 billion market, and will grow to $10 billion in three years. Next up: the telecom industry. The Open Compute Project began its life at Facebook as a revolutionary idea to do for data center hardware what Linux and open source software did for the software market. In other words, the OCP comes up with cutting edge, super efficient designs that any company can use to build their own hardware. And the OCP has succeeded, by most reasonable metrics. The project has created a fanatical following among data center engineers, and has led to the creation of products in 10 categories, including networking, servers, and storage. And in terms of dollars and cents: On Thursday, the preliminary results of a new market assessment report commissioned by OCP was released. That report finds that companies spent more than $2.5 billion on OCP designed products in, up from $1.16 billion year the before. Read: AT&T signed an '8 digit' deal that isn't good news for VMware, Cisco, or Huawei \u2014 but could be great for Google Cloud And this report doesn't actually reveal the true amount being spent on OCP gear. It deliberately hides what the project's board member companies are spending on their OCP equipment, which includes Facebook, Goldman Sachs, Intel, Microsoft and Rackspace. Those companies run enormous data centers and buy a lot of data center equipment, meaning the real figure is likely higher. The reason the board members are excluded is to try and show that the project is having an impact beyond the handful of companies in leadership roles \u2014 although it's a bit coy of the organization to keep mum on how much money those companies pour into the ecosystem. Even so, the commissioned report makes a fair case that OCP is creating a multi billion market. Excluding the purchases of board members, OCP products account for nearly 1% of the total data center market, which it pegs at $127 billion, the report says. Interestingly, the report also finds that the overall data center equipment market is shrinking, from $137 billion in 2017 to $127 billion in 2018. Companies across the board are reducing their use of private data centers, as their use of the cloud increases. And OCP includes many of the big cloud providers that are taking those workloads, including Microsoft, Google and Rackspace. Simply put, that means that OCP has been eating the data center market in a measurable way. Engineers love it OCP's goal is to take the power out of the hands of traditional server and networking vendors like Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Dell, or Cisco, and put it into the hands of the companies who buy and use that hardware. While all three of those companies have joined the project, OCP members design their own servers, storage, and networking gear, making them cost less and perform faster than traditional commercial alternatives. Then, they share their designs for free. Anyone can modify those designs for their own use, or share them with the group. Attendees at the OCP Summit conference OCP Engineers love it. They get to freely collaborate with other top engineers trying to solve the same problems without worrying about protecting intellectual property or trade secrets. Contract manufactures are available to build the gear, too, to make it easier for even smaller companies to take advantage of OCP gear. OCP has also become such a big thing that a growing list of vendors, including HPE and Dell, also make commercial products that match OCP specifications. So OCP designed products can be bought off the shelf. They don't have to be custom ordered, lowering the bar to entry. Next up: the telecom industry With a loyal following of data center engineers, OCP and Facebook have moved on to a related industry: telecom equipment. Through OCP, telecom providers like AT&T and Deutsche Telekom are working on open source designs for routers and the other equipment that run their networks. This is gear that would challenge networking giants including Cisco and Juniper. A few years ago, Facebook also launched a telecom specific organization called the Telecom Infra Project. It is working on projects like open source telecom radio transmitters. This is gear that would take on the likes of Ericsson, Nokia and Huawei at this especially critical time, when telcos are upgrading their networks to 5G. Meanwhile, the telecom industry has also decided that it wanted to lead its own open source hardware project, away from Facebook. A project called the O RAN Alliance has gained steam, and includes a who's who of the major telecom companies worldwide. This includes AT&T, T Mobile, Verizon, Sprint, SoftBank, SK Telecom, Telef\u00f3nica, and others. The industry scuttlebutt is that the two groups, TIP and O RAN, are going to announce some sort of collaboration next week at Mobile World Congress so they don't duplicate efforts as they work to to upend the global telecom equipment industry.", "URL": "https://www.businessinsider.com/facebook-open-compute-project-data-center-revenues-2019-2"}, {"Title": "Telcos Need To Take Ownership Of Open Source Or Risk Losing A Golden Opportunity | Communications Today", "Text": "Telcos Need To Take Ownership Of Open Source Or Risk Losing A Golden Opportunity April 15, 2019\nOf the 14 keynote sessions at last week's Open Networking Summit (ONS) North America in San Jose, only two featured communications service providers. AT&T CTO Andre Fuetsch spoke about open source's role in 5G, and China Mobile Chief Scientist Junlan Feng spoke about open source for network based AI. This is no means a criticism of organisers The Linux Foundation and its LF Networking group, but it is a reflection of how the broader telco community has yet to fully accept the strategic importance of open source. Yes, many CSPs are involved in various open source projects, and some are heavily invested and supportive, but as yet there has been a reluctance to step up and take more control over the direction and scope of these projects. Whether it is fear or ignorance that is holding them back, CSPs must do more. After all, the majority of these projects are specifically aimed at, or relevant for, telecoms networks \u2013 ONAP, OPNFV, Akraino, Open Daylight, etc \u2013 with many others about to become essential, such as Kubernetes and the work of the CNCF. And there are many other open source foundations and groups focused on telecoms to consider.\nThe situation is showing signs of improving, and the news that a group of ten CSPs intend to create a common open source NFVi architecture is very positive (more on that tomorrow). We need more positive action like that, if the telecoms sector is to maximise the potential of the open source community and create a more sustainable economic infrastructure investment model. In no particular order, here are some of TelecomTV's other key takeaways and observations from ONS:\nLean NFV\nThe keynote that perhaps received the most attention last week came from the new Lean NFV group, a non profit organisation that is led by Scott Shenker and Sylvia Ratnasamy of Berkeley university \u2013 and both of the private start up Nefeli Networks. Shenker had previously sold his SDN company Nicira to VMware for $1.3bn. Interestingly, the third and final Lean NFV supporter to present on stage was Constantine Polychronopoulos, Telco/NFV CTO at VMware \nTechnical details of the new approach suggested are a little thin (according to NFV experts we have reached out to for their opinions), although their is a white paper. Of the other seven endorsees to the document, none are currently employed by telcos. This list of \"industry veterans\", as Shenker puts it, is missing a number of key early NFV creators \u2013 and some of those we reached out to had never even heard of Lean NFV. Yes, once again we have a vendor led approach. We honestly can't see this going down well with telcos.\nShenker claimed in his presentation that the industry has \"made two fundamental errors\" in its implementation of NFV \u2013 embedding management in the compute infrastructure and requiring that new features need associated changes in the APIs. His new approach, he claims, \"is the path to increasing adoption and innovation\". TelecomTV has already covered the detail. However, there are those that think this is just another example of rearranging the deckchairs on the Titanic, and that the real answer lies with containers, Kubernetes and a cloud native approach.\nNFVi\nHow do telcos accelerate the process of getting verified VNFs up and working on their NFV infrastructures?\n\"Right now, we have really no single defined reference model,\" explained Amy Wheelus, VP Network Cloud at AT&T. \"We have several different models and architectures that are out there for VNF certifications. There's not a single place for VNFs to come get certified, and there's not a process in place to influence and create \u2013 from a service provider perspective \u2013 a lifecycle for NFV and VNF creation.\"\nThe industry is currently trying to support around 40 flavours of NFVi now, with this number certain to increase with time. The big question is how on earth you test and verify the rapidly increasing number of VNFs against these? The matrix of tests required becomes an increasingly complex and time consuming process. The solution, therefore, could be to reduce the number of NFVi models to single digits (three is being touted, but not yet confirmed).\nHence the task force, which is building on the work done recently between Orange and Vodafone and the GSMA. The loosely affiliated group comprises AT&T, Bell, China Mobile, Deutsche Telekom, Jio, Orange, SK Telecom, Telstra, Verizon and Vodafone. The group, which is open to other CSP to join, wants to bring together the work going on in OPNFV and the new OPNFV Verification Platform (OVP), with the initial work via the GSMA \u2013 although there is considerable behind the scenes reluctance to having the GSMA play a central role. They want to create a new framework for the ecosystem that will lead to reduce time and reduced costs not only for the service providers, but for the vendors as well, and one which will be flexible enough to enable the addition of cloud native NFs at a later date.\n\"We are all struggling with the same problem,\" said Beth Cohen, SDN Product Strategist, Verizon. \"We're all working with the same vendors and we're giving them different standards. So this saves a lot of time for us and it saves a whole lot of time for vendors.\"\nThis is, by definition, a telco led task force, there is no seat at the table for vendors. At least not yet.\n\"It's kind of like, you want your parents to have their discussion privately before they go in to talk to the kids; there's gonna be some parent discussion here,\" quipped Mark Cottrell, AVP at AT&T. \"So I think we've got to get those ducks in a row, before we have that conversation with a broader community.\"\nO RAN\nLots of buzz and excitement around the Open RAN work, with AT&T (of course) leading the discussions at ONS. Hank Kafka, VP Access Architecture and Standards at AT&T, set the scene by explaining the work of 3GPP (which is not that well understood by the open source coding community) and how, be design, it stops short of actually drilling down inside the hardware and components. However, this is going to be essential if CSPs are going to crack open the proprietary hold that the traditional (and very small number of) vendors have on the RAN, open the market to new ecosystem players and improve innovation whilst increasing performance and lowering costs. Given that 5G is going to require significant new densification of the RAN, these are very important considerations.\nControlling such networks is going to require (certainly in AT&T's case) a top level ONAP control loop, underpinned by a near real time RAN intelligent controller (RIC). AT&T and Nokia have already developed the initial seed code for the RIC and have handed it over to the Linux Foundation to be released into open source.\nThe use of open source is fascinating here. It allows the O RAN supporters to create an overall open source reference architecture that allows future proprietary software solutions (if they are better, more efficient and more optimised for specific components) to be dropped in where required. The O RAN Alliance will sponsor an O RAN open source community project to develop all the necessary code, under the Linux Foundation Networking umbrella group.\nOpen Standards\nDuring his keynote at ONS, Arpit Joshipura, General Manager, Networking, at the Linux Foundation, referred to the \"myth\" that \"standards and consortiums and open source will always compete.\"\n\"I hate to break it to the press, right, who love writing about it, but that myth is definitely debunked,\" said Joshipura. Well, we're not sure what he's reading, but we do object to the collective assumption that we (the press) love writing about this. He's right in that the two are no longer seen by most as competitive, but he's wrong to dismiss talk of any remaining questions.\nMany questions around the relationship between the open source community and the telecoms standards development organisation remain. Not just from us, but from many in the industry with whom we engage on a regular basis. These are no longer negative questions, but genuine questions about how best to tweak and refine current processes to enable more agile and relevant development of standards and implementations.\nIn fact, Joshipura introduced a \"star studded\" keynote panel on this very subject on the final day of ONS to highlight collaboration areas. However, it would have benefited from stronger involvement from ETSI, 3GPP and even the GSMA (needless to say ITU was nowhere in sight).\nEdge\nThis is where it gets complicated. There are now an estimated 32 or so open source projects that are focused to some extent on edge networking and edge compute. Overlap, therefore, is a given. Several sessions at ONS covered edge project work and some also took a more holistic approach. It remains frustratingly fragmented and confusing.\nClosing the ONS event, Arpit Joshipura called for a unified edge, one that avoids the fragmentation of the different IoT, telecoms, enterprise and cloud approaches to the edge. Naturally, he is furthering the role of the LF Edge group here, which already houses Akraino and EdgeX Foundary, but which wants to pull in relevant work from O RAN and others, such as ETSI MEC. But a unified approach would certainly be a positive step. If we still struggle to define the edge, then how are we able as an industry to successfully capitalise on the opportunities?\nIt doesn't help matters that the open source community supports so many edge projects, many of which are looking to cover every aspect rather than focus on a specific problem. This leads to the sharp bell curve graph of elation and despondency, where an initial period of excitement attracts plenty of coders, only to then hit problems which results in many deserting the project in favour of shiny new projects elsewhere (of which there are numerous options).\n\"Maybe the problem is that we're actually biting off more than we can chew with these projects,\" said Ian Wells, Distinguished Engineer at Cisco. \"We need to do things that we know we're going to need that are not very big, rather than things that solve the whole problem as we perceive it but are enormous. We probably don't know the problem until we actually give it a go for a couple of times, so building something small and seeing if we can point it in the right direction is actually kind of useful.\"\nWhat also may help is the umbrella approach adopted by The Linux Foundation, where individual projects track through a series of key funding and resource stages and are ultimately encouraged to converge at some point. That may well shake out some of the overlap.\n\"Over the last several years we've been trying to bring projects together, like Open O and ECOMP as a great example of two significant code bases that would have diverged the whole orchestration space for telco,\" explained Phil Robb, VP Operations, Networking & Orchestration, The Linux Foundation, referring to the creation of ONAP from two projects started by China Mobile and AT&T respectively. Telecom TV Share this:", "URL": "https://www.communicationstoday.co.in/telcos-need-to-take-ownership-of-open-source-or-risk-losing-a-golden-opportunity/"}, {"Title": "Telcos need to take ownership of open source or risk losing a golden opportunity", "Text": "Andre Fuetsch, CTO, AT&T \u00a9 TelecomTV AT&T showing how it should be done CSPs determined to be heard above the vendor pitches O RAN the new darling of open source Still need to figure out what to do with the Edge\nOf the 14 keynote sessions at last week's Open Networking Summit (ONS) North America in San Jose, only two featured communications service providers. AT&T CTO Andre Fuetsch spoke about open source's role in 5G, and China Mobile Chief Scientist Junlan Feng spoke about open source for network based AI. This is no means a criticism of organisers The Linux Foundation and its LF Networking group, but it is a reflection of how the broader telco community has yet to fully accept the strategic importance of open source. Yes, many CSPs are involved in various open source projects, and some are heavily invested and supportive, but as yet there has been a reluctance to step up and take more control over the direction and scope of these projects. Whether it is fear or ignorance that is holding them back, CSPs must do more. After all, the majority of these projects are specifically aimed at, or relevant for, telecoms networks \u2013 ONAP, OPNFV, Akraino, Open Daylight, etc \u2013 with many others about to become essential, such as Kubernetes and the work of the CNCF. And there are many other open source foundations and groups focused on telecoms to consider.\nThe situation is showing signs of improving, and the news that a group of ten CSPs intend to create a common open source NFVi architecture is very positive (more on that tomorrow). We need more positive action like that, if the telecoms sector is to maximise the potential of the open source community and create a more sustainable economic infrastructure investment model. In no particular order, here are some of TelecomTV's other key takeaways and observations from ONS: Lean NFV\nThe keynote that perhaps received the most attention last week came from the new Lean NFV group, a non profit organisation that is led by Scott Shenker and Sylvia Ratnasamy of Berkeley university \u2013 and both of the private start up Nefeli Networks. Shenker had previously sold his SDN company Nicira to VMware for $1.3bn. Interestingly, the third and final Lean NFV supporter to present on stage was Constantine Polychronopoulos, Telco/NFV CTO at VMware \nTechnical details of the new approach suggested are a little thin (according to NFV experts we have reached out to for their opinions), although their is a white paper here. Of the other seven endorsees to the document, none are currently employed by telcos. This list of \"industry veterans\", as Shenker puts it, is missing a number of key early NFV creators \u2013 and some of those we reached out to had never even heard of Lean NFV. Yes, once again we have a vendor led approach. We honestly can't see this going down well with telcos.\nShenker claimed in his presentation that the industry has \"made two fundamental errors\" in its implementation of NFV \u2013 embedding management in the compute infrastructure and requiring that new features need associated changes in the APIs. His new approach, he claims, \"is the path to increasing adoption and innovation\". TelecomTV has already covered the details, which you can read here. However, there are those that think this is just another example of rearranging the deckchairs on the Titanic, and that the real answer lies with containers, Kubernetes and a cloud native approach. NFVi\nHow do telcos accelerate the process of getting verified VNFs up and working on their NFV infrastructures?\n\"Right now, we have really no single defined reference model,\" explained Amy Wheelus, VP Network Cloud at AT&T. \"We have several different models and architectures that are out there for VNF certifications. There's not a single place for VNFs to come get certified, and there's not a process in place to influence and create \u2013 from a service provider perspective \u2013 a lifecycle for NFV and VNF creation.\"\nThe industry is currently trying to support around 40 flavours of NFVi now, with this number certain to increase with time. The big question is how on earth you test and verify the rapidly increasing number of VNFs against these? The matrix of tests required becomes an increasingly complex and time consuming process. The solution, therefore, could be to reduce the number of NFVi models to single digits (three is being touted, but not yet confirmed).\nHence the task force, which is building on the work done recently between Orange and Vodafone and the GSMA. The loosely affiliated group comprises AT&T, Bell, China Mobile, Deutsche Telekom, Jio, Orange, SK Telecom, Telstra, Verizon and Vodafone. The group, which is open to other CSP to join, wants to bring together the work going on in OPNFV and the new OPNFV Verification Platform (OVP), with the initial work via the GSMA \u2013 although there is considerable behind the scenes reluctance to having the GSMA play a central role. They want to create a new framework for the ecosystem that will lead to reduce time and reduced costs not only for the service providers, but for the vendors as well, and one which will be flexible enough to enable the addition of cloud native NFs at a later date.\n\"We are all struggling with the same problem,\" said Beth Cohen, SDN Product Strategist, Verizon. \"We're all working with the same vendors and we're giving them different standards. So this saves a lot of time for us and it saves a whole lot of time for vendors.\"\nThis is, by definition, a telco led task force, there is no seat at the table for vendors. At least not yet.\n\"It's kind of like, you want your parents to have their discussion privately before they go in to talk to the kids; there's gonna be some parent discussion here,\" quipped Mark Cottrell, AVP at AT&T. \"So I think we've got to get those ducks in a row, before we have that conversation with a broader community.\" O RAN\nLots of buzz and excitement around the Open RAN work, with AT&T (of course) leading the discussions at ONS. Hank Kafka, VP Access Architecture and Standards at AT&T, set the scene by explaining the work of 3GPP (which is not that well understood by the open source coding community) and how, be design, it stops short of actually drilling down inside the hardware and components. However, this is going to be essential if CSPs are going to crack open the proprietary hold that the traditional (and very small number of) vendors have on the RAN, open the market to new ecosystem players and improve innovation whilst increasing performance and lowering costs. Given that 5G is going to require significant new densification of the RAN, these are very important considerations.\nControlling such networks is going to require (certainly in AT&T's case) a top level ONAP control loop, underpinned by a near real time RAN intelligent controller (RIC). AT&T and Nokia have already developed the initial seed code for the RIC and have handed it over to the Linux Foundation to be released into open source.\nThe use of open source is fascinating here. It allows the O RAN supporters to create an overall open source reference architecture that allows future proprietary software solutions (if they are better, more efficient and more optimised for specific components) to be dropped in where required. The O RAN Alliance will sponsor an O RAN open source community project to develop all the necessary code, under the Linux Foundation Networking umbrella group. Open Standards\nDuring his keynote at ONS, Arpit Joshipura, General Manager, Networking, at the Linux Foundation, referred to the \"myth\" that \"standards and consortiums and open source will always compete.\"\n\"I hate to break it to the press, right, who love writing about it, but that myth is definitely debunked,\" said Joshipura. Well, we're not sure what he's reading, but we do object to the collective assumption that we (the press) love writing about this. He's right in that the two are no longer seen by most as competitive, but he's wrong to dismiss talk of any remaining questions.\nMany questions around the relationship between the open source community and the telecoms standards development organisation remain. Not just from us, but from many in the industry with whom we engage on a regular basis. These are no longer negative questions, but genuine questions about how best to tweak and refine current processes to enable more agile and relevant development of standards and implementations.\nIn fact, Joshipura introduced a \"star studded\" keynote panel on this very subject on the final day of ONS to highlight collaboration areas. However, it would have benefited from stronger involvement from ETSI, 3GPP and even the GSMA (needless to say ITU was nowhere in sight). Edge\nThis is where it gets complicated. There are now an estimated 32 or so open source projects that are focused to some extent on edge networking and edge compute. Overlap, therefore, is a given. Several sessions at ONS covered edge project work and some also took a more holistic approach. It remains frustratingly fragmented and confusing.\nClosing the ONS event, Arpit Joshipura called for a unified edge, one that avoids the fragmentation of the different IoT, telecoms, enterprise and cloud approaches to the edge. Naturally, he is furthering the role of the LF Edge group here, which already houses Akraino and EdgeX Foundary, but which wants to pull in relevant work from O RAN and others, such as ETSI MEC. But a unified approach would certainly be a positive step. If we still struggle to define the edge, then how are we able as an industry to successfully capitalise on the opportunities?\nIt doesn't help matters that the open source community supports so many edge projects, many of which are looking to cover every aspect rather than focus on a specific problem. This leads to the sharp bell curve graph of elation and despondency, where an initial period of excitement attracts plenty of coders, only to then hit problems which results in many deserting the project in favour of shiny new projects elsewhere (of which there are numerous options).\n\"Maybe the problem is that we're actually biting off more than we can chew with these projects,\" said Ian Wells, Distinguished Engineer at Cisco. \"We need to do things that we know we're going to need that are not very big, rather than things that solve the whole problem as we perceive it but are enormous. We probably don't know the problem until we actually give it a go for a couple of times, so building something small and seeing if we can point it in the right direction is actually kind of useful.\"\nWhat also may help is the umbrella approach adopted by The Linux Foundation, where individual projects track through a series of key funding and resource stages and are ultimately encouraged to converge at some point. That may well shake out some of the overlap.\n\"Over the last several years we've been trying to bring projects together, like Open O and ECOMP as a great example of two significant code bases that would have diverged the whole orchestration space for telco,\" explained Phil Robb, VP Operations, Networking & Orchestration, The Linux Foundation, referring to the creation of ONAP from two projects started by China Mobile and AT&T respectively. Related Topics", "URL": "https://www.telecomtv.com/content/open-software/telcos-need-to-take-ownership-of-open-source-or-risk-losing-a-golden-opportunity-34822/"}, {"Title": "IBM posts mixed Q1 results but stresses cloud sales", "Text": "IBM sends Blockchain World Wire for global payments into limited production Big Blue's latest blockchain play sees cross border payments being sent via digital tokens in near real time. See also Latest computer news at CNET IBM published its first quarter financial report on Tuesday, posting mixed results with every business segment down or flat year over year. Shares were down in after hours trading.\nHowever, IBM focused on the performance of its cloud business. The company has posted $19.5 billion in cloud sales over the last 12 months, up 10 percent year over year, it said. IBM's as a service annual exit run rate for cloud revenue now stands at $11.7 billion, up 10 percent year over year.\nThe company's non GAAP earnings per share (EPS) came to $2.25 over revenue of $18.2 billion.\n\u00d7 ibm.png Wall Street was expecting earnings of $2.22 per share on revenue of $18.51 billion. Shares were down slightly in after hours trading.\n\"In the first quarter, our cloud revenue growth accelerated, and we again grew in key, high value areas in Cloud and Cognitive Software and in consulting,\" CEO Ginni Rometty said in a statement. \"IBM's investments in innovative technologies coupled with our industry expertise and our commitment to trust and security position us well to help clients move to chapter two of their digital reinvention.\"\nIn a conference call, CFO James Kavanaugh noted that IBM recently adjusted its segments structure so that it \"better aligned our portfolio to the market and to underlying business models.\"\n\"As our clients become digital enterprises, they need tighter integration between hybrid cloud and their data and AI platforms to unlock value,\" he said. \"And so we recently made changes to our management system to more effectively address our clients' evolving needs and in preparation for the acquisition of RedHat.\"\n\u00d7 ibm2.png IBM's Cloud & Cognitive Software segment which includes cloud and data platforms, cognitive applications and transaction processing platforms brought in revenues of $5 billion, down 2 percent. Within that category, cognitive applications revenue was up 2 percent, while cloud and data platforms revenue was down 2 percent.\nThe Global Business Services segment including consulting, application management and global process services earned $4.1 billion in revenue, flat year to year.\nGlobal Technology Services including infrastructure and cloud services and technology support services brought in revenues of $6.9 billion, down 7 percent. However, the segment did see growth in hybrid cloud revenue.\nFeatured Dell Technologies and Microsoft expand partnership through VMware The internet is ill, and it will get worse before it gets better Cisco rolls out Wi Fi 6 networking stack, bets the standard will enable as much as 5G Switch from Apple to Samsung? AT&T said don't do it The Systems segment including systems hardware and operating systems software achieved revenues of $1.3 billion, down 11 percent. The decline was largely due to the impact of the IBM Z product cycle dynamics and weakness in Storage.\nThe Global Financing segment which includes financing and used equipment sales brought in revenues of $406 million, flat year to year.\nKavanaugh highlighted how IBM has invested in adding capabilities across areas including IBM Cloud, IBM Cloud Private and IBM Cloud Private for data; the IBM Multicloud Manager; cloud grudges; cloud migration services; and cloud optimized systems.\n\"Over the last several months, we've talked about the next chapter of cloud, which focuses on shifting mission critical work to the cloud and optimizing everything from supply chains to core banking systems,\" he said. \"To address this opportunity, enterprises need to be able to move and manage data, services and workflows across multiple clouds and on prem. And they need to be able to address security concerns, data protection and protocols, availability and the cloud management. This requires a hybrid, multi cloud open approach.\"\nFor the full 2019 fiscal year, IBM expects non GAAP earnings of at least $13.90 per share.\nPhotos: From the first PCs to the ThinkPad... 27 NEXT PREV Tech Earnings Intel narrowly beats Q1 targets, chops full year guidance eBay tops Q1 targets, raises 2019 guidance Microsoft's commercial cloud revenue hits $38.4B run rate in Q3 T Mobile in Q1 adds 1.65 million net connections, tops expectations Facebook sets aside $3B in Q1 to cover legal fees related to FTC probe AT&T Q1 mixed, but the company adds wireless smartphone subscribers", "URL": "https://www.zdnet.com/article/ibm-posts-mixed-q1-results-accelerated-cloud-revenue-growth/?id=71a36383-982d-49c4-898b-16e358adbe0f"}, {"Title": "Synology SA3400 review: A big NAS for big businesses", "Text": "Qsan XCubeNAS XN7012R review: Rack 'em and stack 'em\nComing in as the replacement for Synology's RS18017xs+ NAS appliance , the SA3400 aims to deliver a big boost in features and performance. It's the first in Synology's line of enterprise class 'SA' appliances where the new naming convention indicates support for SAS3 and SATA storage.\nThere's a lot more on offer than just SAS3 support though. This 2U 12 bay rack NAS sports an 8 core 2.1GHz Xeon D 1541 CPU, teamed up with 16GB of server grade DDR4 ECC RDIMM memory which can be upgraded to a healthy 128GB. The discontinued RS18017xs+ supports SAS3 storage but has a six core 2.2GHz Xeon D 1531 and slower 2,133MHz DDR4 memory.\nPort wise, there are no changes as the SA3400 also provides quad Gigabit and a pair of 10GBaseT. The two rear USB 3 ports can be used to add extra storage devices while an external SAS port supports seven RX1217sas or RX2417sas expansion shelves for a maximum of 180 drives. Synology SA3400 review: Design and expansion\nThe SA3400 exhibits the classy build quality we've come to expect from Synology, presented as it is in a sturdy steel chassis. The metal drive carriers can't be key locked but a small tab on each one can be pushed across to stop them being accidentally popped out.\nCracking the lid reveals a tidy interior with the Xeon CPU mounted by a large passive heatsink and partnered by four DIMM slots, with the base memory provided on a single 16GB stick. All storage is managed by a Synology SAS12G PCIe card, which provides the external SAS expansion port and is cabled directly to the drive backplane.\nTwo PCIe slots are free for further expansion, and the SA3400 supports a good range of industry standard 10GbE, 25GbE and 40GbE network adapters. We tested this with a dual port Emulex 10GBaseT adapter, which was accepted without any problems\nCooling is handled by a bank of four hot plug fans behind the drive backplane with a solid air shroud directing air from the centre two fans over the CPU. Noise levels are intrusive though, as even on the slowest fan setting, we recorded high sound levels of 66.5dB at one metre in front of the appliance. Synology SA3400 review: Great 10GbE performance\nFor performance testing, we installed four 16TB Seagate Exos X16 enterprise SATA hard disks, ran Synology's web based discovery wizard and created a 44TB RAID5 storage pool. With the appliance hooked up over 10GbE to a Dell PowerEdge T640 Xeon Scalable tower running Windows Server 2019, we saw a mapped NAS share return fast Iometer sequential read and write speeds both of 9.3Gbits/sec.\nThe good news continued with our real world tests as copies of a 25GB test file delivered read and write rates of 5.6Gbits/sec and 5Gbits/sec. Our backup test was also handled well with a 22.4GB folder holding 10,500 small files secured to the share at a speedy 2.5Gbits/sec.\nIP SAN speeds are equally impressive; a 1TB iSCSI target delivered Iometer read and write rates both of 9.3Gbits/sec. We ramped up the pressure with a dual 10GbE MPIO link and saw speeds increase nicely to 18.5Gbits/sec and 17.1Gbits/sec \u2013 all with the appliance's CPU snoozing at 15% utilisation. Synology SA3400 review: Classy backup apps\nIf you're looking for top quality data protection and backup features, then look no further: Synology's DSM software is brimming with apps. The Snapshot Replication app supports manual and scheduled NAS and IP SAN snapshots on BTRFS volumes and offers fast recovery services, which include the option to browse NAS snapshots and restore files directly from the File Station app.\nSynology's Active Backup for Business (ABB) app takes data protection to the next level, providing a central location for securing servers, workstations and virtual environments. It supports agentless backup services for VMware vCentre and ESXi hypervisors, provides application consistent backups of virtual machines (VMs) and best of all, it's completely free.\nAfter loading the ABB agents on our Windows servers and workstations, we could schedule volume, file and bare metal backups. Recovery features are outstanding as you can recreate systems as VMware VMs or use the ABB web portal for swift file and folder restores.\nThe Hyper Backup app presents a single console for managing local, remote, Rsync, cloud and iSCSI LUN backups and it integrates with Synology's C2 Backup cloud service for off site storage. The Drive app also provides Dropbox like sync services for Windows workstations plus iOS and Android mobiles with the Drive agent loaded. Synology SA3400 review: Virtualisation and surveillance\nThe SA3400's high capacity makes it a fine candidate for running Synology's Surveillance Station 8.2 app. It supports over 7,200 IP camera models, offers a wealth of video recording and playback tools and can enforce secure dual authentication access to recordings.\nYou can even turn your iOS or Android mobile into an IP camera with the LiveCam app which sends live video and audio streams directly to the Surveillance Station console and records them. It's easy to use as well: simply enter the appliance's address in the LiveCam app on your mobile, log in and tap the Play button.\nThe Virtual Machine Manager (VMM) app adds extra versatility as it allows the appliance to host VMs running any OS you fancy. We created a Windows Server 2019 VM in 15 minutes, presented it on a dedicated virtual switch created from the appliance's Gigabit ports and used the app's built in protection plans to take regular snapshot backups. Synology SA3400 review: Verdict\nFor a 12 bay NAS appliance that supports SAS3 and SATA storage, the SA3400 is comparatively good value. NAS and iSCSI performance over 10GbE is impeccable, it has plenty of room to expand and Synology's DSM software offers a remarkable range of features including plenty of free backup apps. Specifications", "URL": "https://www.itpro.co.uk/network-attached-storage-nas/34313/synology-sa3400-review-a-big-nas-for-big-businesses"}, {"Title": "Can power be software-defined?", "Text": "Cloud Can power be software defined?\nCritical infrastructure is normally inflexible. Andy Lawrence finds out if data center power really can be delivered as a flexible service January 31, 2019 Andy Lawrence , Uptime Institute\nSometime around 2011, a new phrase entered the IT lexicon: 'software defined.' The term is sometimes credited to an engineer at VMware, and usually appears in the context of the 'software defined data center' or 'software defined network'. The strange phrasing describes how, using distributed management architecture, it is possible to introduce a new level of 'plasticity' to a network or a pool of compute resources, re making and un making connections, or re allocating compute resources, on the fly.\nWikipedia describes SDDC as a 'marketing term,' which perhaps reflects the reality that companies and products in the software defined category trade on the fact that they might be considered innovative, cloud oriented, disruptive and therefore of great interest. Many of the early 'software defined' innovators were acquired at sky high valuations. Defining software defined \u2013 Dot McHugh\nThe value and importance put on 'software defined' in this context was not misplaced. The architecture allows for much of the hard wired complexity at the component level in IT to be abstracted out and moved to a management 'plane,' thereby allowing for simpler, homogeneous devices to be routinely deployed and managed. This use of aggregated resources is critical to the economics of cloud computing.\nBut equally important, software defined architectures make it possible to much more easily and cheaply manage the highly complex and dynamic 'east west' traffic flows in large data centers and beyond. 5G networks and IoT edge networks would likely be near impossible to build, and uneconomic, without software defined networking technologies.\nFor some time, some innovators in the data center have been working on how the model of \"software defined\" can be applied to power. Does this disruptive and revolutionary change in IT have an equivalent in the way that power is distributed and managed? Power is, after all, not so dissimilar to the flow of bits: it is a flow of electrons, which can be stored, generated and consumed, is distributed over a network, and is switchable and routable, and therefore manageable, from a distance. A follow on question to this is: Even if power can be managed in this way, when is it safe, economic and useful to do so, given the many extra complexities and expenses involved in managing power?\nThe answer to both questions is not quite as binary or as definitive as at the IT level, where the impact of software defined has been immediate, significant and clearly disruptive. While the application of more intelligence and automation is clearly useful in almost all markets, the opportunities for innovation in power distribution are much less clear. Data centers are a stand out example: Large facilities present a great opportunity for suppliers, because of the size and growth of the market, vast over provisioning, high costs, and inflexibility in power distribution and use. But at the same time, the operator's aspirations for efficiency and agility may be strongly constrained by customer inertia, existing investments, rigid designs and business models, and the need for high availability solutions that have been proven over time (low risk).\nIn the wider energy market, however, a number of parallel and successive waves of innovation have been sweeping through the industry, as the sector moves to more dynamic and distributed generation and storage, greater use of intelligence and automation, and flatter, transactive models. Suppliers working in the field of power management and storage ABB, GE, Eaton, Siemens, Schneider Electric and Vertiv, to name a few have been developing \"smart energy\" technologies, in some cases, for decades. New entrants \u2013 most notably electric car and battery innovator Tesla \u2013 have also introduced radical new storage and distribution technologies.\nThe impact is being seen at the utility grid level, while microgrids, now a mature technology but a young market, provide a model for dynamic and intelligent management of power sources, storage and consumption. \u2013 DCD Energy smarts\nIn the data center, similar innovations are underway, although adoption is patchy. These range from the introduction of advanced energy management systems, which may be used to monitor energy use and inform decisions about purchasing, storage and consumption, to microgrid technologies, where power sources and IT consumption are monitored and managed under central control (at present, this technology in a data center context is rare and is most likely to be seen on a campus with a high performance computing center).\nBut the most obvious connection/comparison with the software defined data center is the software defined power (SDP) architecture, as promoted by the small Silicon Valley company Virtual Power System (VPS); and, less obviously, the use of advanced, shared reserve architectures, as promoted by some UPS suppliers, most notably Vertiv. These architectures are very different, but in both cases, one of the key goals is to reduce the need for spare capacity, and to divert or reserve power for applications, racks or rows that most need it, and away from those that need it least.\nVPS' architecture is quite specific: it makes use of distributed lithium ion batteries in the rack, to provide a \"virtual\" distributed pool of power that can be used and managed when needed, or to provide back up. In this sense, it is analogous to the homogeneous pool of compute resources in a software defined data center. VPS deploys a number of small, centrally managed, rack mounted control devices, known as ICE switches, which can be used to turn off the main UPS power at the rack and thereby draw on the local Li ion battery.\nThe management software plays a key role. Effectively, it can divert power from one rack to another \u2013 not by using the Li ion batteries from one rack to power another rack elsewhere (although this is possible, it is more complex because of the power conversion and harmonization requirements), but by switching from the central UPS to battery in certain racks, making more power available elsewhere.\nIn order to make such a decision, the management software uses ever changing data about the nature of the loads on the servers and the levels of protection required. Ultimately, although in its early days, loads may be moved around to match the power availability, or moved in order to release power for use elsewhere. As in a software defined network, the central software is using data and policies to intelligently control relatively simple equipment.\nIn an SDP environment, the software might be considered as a step on the road to \"dynamically resourced\" data centers, with capacity reserved for the most critical applications, while other less important applications may have less capacity allocated (\"dynamic tiering\" is not the appropriate term, as this is about power availability, not fault tolerance or maintainability).\nSDP software can also use the batteries to offer an extra, supplemental power source during times of peak demand, effectively enabling a data hall to use more power than has been provisioned by the UPS; or it could be used to enable operators to use local power at times when the grid power is most expensive, or when colocation customers wish to avoid going beyond agreed power use limits, triggering extra charges.\nUptime Institute sees the VPS architecture as only one of a number of approaches in the data center that might be classed as \"Smart Power\" or \"Smart Energy,\" although not at all the use cases are the same. For example, centralized UPS systems that pool capacity in a \"three makes two\" configuration, or even up to \"eight makes seven\" configuration, can use intelligent, policy driven software switching to maintain capacity, spread loads and reduce risk.\nThe industry trend is towards reducing the provisioning costs using N+1 or N+x configurations (about 40 percent of all data centers have an N+1 solution), rather than full 2N configurations. But this carries a risk: Uptime Institute Research's 2018 industry survey found that data centers with 2N architectures experience fewer outages than those with N+1 architectures. Among the operators with a 2N architecture, 35 percent experienced an outage in the past three years, while 51 percent of those with an N+1 architecture had an outage in the same period.\nThe likelihood is that this is not entirely due to the investment in the extra capacity. It may be argued that as extra equipment is added to make up more granular solutions, and extra connections and switches are used to link up the extra UPS systems, the importance of good management, capacity planning and maintenance becomes more important.\nThis is where hardware/software combinations such as shared reserve systems or software defined systems may come into their own. Shared reserve systems can be used to pool the capacity of multiple smaller UPS systems, and then dynamically allocate power from this pool to PDUs using software managed transfer switches. This involves some complex switching, and naturally worries managers who want to ensure ease of operation and management. But the key is the software \u2013 if it is policy driven, easily operated, and designed with resilience, reliability should be very high and becomes higher over time as expertise and AI techniques are inevitably embedded.\nIf power management and control software (and associated equipment) can be deployed without adding significantly to either risks or costs, and can largely match the proven levels of availability that can be achieved by directly using hard wired physical equipment, then the argument for software defined power approaches is clear: greater flexibility in how power is directed, managed, and deployed. In turn, power capacity, relative to the workload, may be significantly increased. Further reading", "URL": "https://www.datacenterdynamics.com/analysis/can-power-be-software-defined/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "ABC Benefits Corporation", "industry": "Healthcare", "segment": "Enterprise", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Microsoft Corporation", "intensity": 13.0, "score": 58669, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "Global Cloud PBX Market Data Analysis, Growth, Demand & Forecast 2019-2024: Microsoft Corporation , RingCentral Inc. , Vonage America Inc. , ShoreTel, Inc.", "Text": "Global Cloud PBX Market Data Analysis, Growth, Demand & Forecast 2019 2024: Microsoft Corporation , RingCentral Inc. , Vonage America Inc. , ShoreTel, Inc. 27 mins ago Ann.Castro\nThe worldwide \" Cloud PBX market \" statistical surveying report is an inescapable research report that contacts the most imperative parts of the Cloud PBX platform that is important to be gotten a handle on by an expert or even a layman. The research covers the current market size of the Global Cloud PBX market and its growth rates based on 5 year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers such as Microsoft Corporation (U.S.), RingCentral Inc.(U.S), Vonage America Inc.(U.S.), ShoreTel, Inc. (U.S.), Nextiva Inc.(U.S.), Avaya Inc.(U.S.), MegaPath Inc.(U.S.), Jive Software Inc. (U.S.), Phone.com (U.S.). The statistical surveying report illuminates one with respect to few of the imperative perspectives, for example, an outline of the Cloud PBX item, the development factors improving or hampering its advancement, application in the different fields, major ruling organizations, veritable certainties, monetary circumstance, and topographical examination..\nGet Access to the FREE sample report:: www.reportsbuzz.com/request for sample.html?repid=57353\nBased on the present techniques and trends, the global Cloud PBX market report provides thoroughly analyzed and predicted forecast regarding the upcoming growth of the market. The report conjointly categorizes the market into main product kind WAN, LAN and the sub segments Commercial, Industrial of the Cloud PBX market are depicted in the report. The market report also explains the major alteration in the product version, its production technology, and development that may be caused due to a little variation in the product profile.\nThe global Cloud PBX market is one of the booming markets with well established zone worldwide. The global market has been completely focusing over the advancement in the groundbreaking technologies and listening to the customer's preferences; which lead to the vast and continuous increase in its growth rate. The global Cloud PBX market provides a huge platform with lots of opportunities for different industries in different regions to emerge and establish globally.\nRead Detailed Index of full Research Study at:: www.reportsbuzz.com/57353/global cloud pbx market outlook 2018 2025 industry/\nThe global report provides detailed key points that have significant effects on the global development of the Cloud PBX market. It provides the current status as well as future aspects over the market development. The report is generated after in depth research and thorough analysis of the development in various sectors of the market that needs technological ideas, hypothetical analysis, and its applicability. The factors that significantly improve and demote the market growth; deep justification of the market's previous data; along with the current analyzed data; and the future development of the Cloud PBX market are included in the report. The Cloud PBX market report also delivers a theoretical based study regarding the financial instabilities in terms of the demand and the supply.\nThere are 15 Chapters to display the Global Cloud PBX market\nChapter 1, Definition, Specifications and Classification of Cloud PBX , Applications of Cloud PBX , Market Segment by Regions; Chapter 2, Manufacturing 3, Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Cloud PBX , Capacity and Commercial Production date, 4, Overall 6, Regional Market Analysis that includes United States, China, Europe, Japan, Korea & Taiwan, Cloud PBX Segment Market Analysis (by Type); Chapter 7 and 8, The Cloud PBX Segment Market Analysis (by Application) Major Manufacturers Analysis of Cloud PBX ; Chapter 9, Market Trend Analysis, Regional Market Trend, Market Trend by Product Type WAN, LAN, Market Trend by Application; Chapter 10, Regional 11, The Consumers Analysis of Global Cloud PBX ; Chapter 12, Cloud PBX 15, Cloud PBX buying.html?repid=57353 Tags: Cloud PBX , Cloud PBX Market , cloud pbx market demand , cloud pbx market overview , cloud pbx market sale price , cloud pbx market size share , cloud pbx market trend , Global Cloud PBX Market 2019 Continue Reading", "URL": "http://nwctrail.com/2019/09/21/global-cloud-pbx-market-data-analysis-growth-demand-forecast-2019-2024-microsoft-corporation-ringcentral-inc-vonage-america-inc-shoretel-inc/"}, {"Title": "Abiquo", "Text": "abiquo.com What is Abiquo?\nAbiquo is a hybrid cloud management solution designed to simplify the task of company IT professionals, enabling them to fully manage, track, and secure their organization's cloud computing resources while allowing all members of the organization accomplish their goals unhindered. With Abiquo, companies have a unified cloud based management platform capable of handling both private and public cloud infrastructures. The software is built with the aim of helping IT workers control their cloud resources, manage their expenses, and secure their infrastructure while keeping their organization's overall productivity high.\nAbiquo has three deployment options: Abiquo On Premise, Abiquo SaaS, and Abiquo in Azure. Abiquo On Premise gives companies total freedom in the creation, utilization, and management of their hybrid cloud service. Abiquo SaaS, on the other hand, provides users with a comprehensive hybrid cloud management platform that is managed by Abiquo's experts. With Abiquo in Azure, users can run their own hybrid cloud service from Microsoft Azure and enjoy the same benefits of Abiquo On Premise. Overview of Abiquo Benefits\nSolid Foundation\nAbiquo's Hybrid Cloud Management solution delivers a robust foundation for your commercial true hybrid cloud service. Whether you offer managed services, Internet services, and managed hosting services, Abiquo lets you build a unique cloud service with your preference of computer, network, and storage, and easily integrate it with the public cloud services that your customers require.\nPowerful Capabilities\nWith Abiquo, you can easily incorporate your hybrid cloud management service with your existing back office systems, billing platforms, CMDB, and workflows. On top of that, you can customize the branding of the Abiquo portal to match yours and your organization's terminology.\nThe software allows you to leverage VMware NSX, OpenStack Neutron, and Veeam in adding Software Defined Networking, backup, and automation. Abiquo's integration capabilities via REST API brings more value to your managed services.\nCentralized Console For Visibility and Management\nAbiquo helps you create a clear picture of your hybrid cloud service. From a single, unified console, you can visualize, track, automate, manage, and scale your workloads effortlessly.\nUtilize Your Existing Systems\nAbiquo helps you get more value from your current resources and systems. Its REST API plus other integration capabilities allow for frictionless migration of your resources into Abiquo's centralized management hub. Overview of Abiquo Features Fully Customisable Self Service Portal Resource Allocation Pricing and Billing Engine with multi currency support Complete multi layered white labeling", "URL": "https://reviews.financesonline.com/p/abiquo/"}, {"Title": "Cloud Backup Market 2019 Global Analysis, Opportunities, Key Applications and Forecast to 2025", "Text": "Sep 23, 2019 4:46 AM ET Cloud Backup Market 2019 Global Analysis, Opportunities, Key Applications and Forecast to 2025 iCrowd Newswire Sep 23, 2019\nOverview\nTalking about Cloud Backup, it is also known as Cloud Computer Backup or Online Backup. It is the process of backing up the data to secure cloud based server. The server is generally provided by a third party service provider. It is much better than local back up, i.e., backing up data into hard disks. The best thing about online backup is, it can collect, compress, encrypts, and transfer data without taking much time, and it doesn't consume much bandwidth.\nThe report indicates this market growth is boosted by the online backup solution of making a right and informed decisions to obtain the desired outcomes. Besides, the massive size of data generation, lower cost, and growing usage of SaaS are also driving the market.\nThe Global Cloud Backup Market is estimated to grow at $ xx million by the end of 2025. Besides, during the forecast period, the Compound Annual Growth Rate will be x %.\nRequest a Free Sample Report, Click Here @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/4234292 global cloud backup industry depth research report and forecast to 2025\nMarket Segmentation of Online Backup Industry\nThe World Cloud Backup Industry is segmented based on solutions, services, deployment, organisation size, end users, and region.\nBased on the solution, the product is divided by Disaster recovery, Primary Storage, Cloud storage gateway, and others. On the basis of services, it is split into cloud integration and migration, support and maintenance, training and consulting, and managed services.\nComing to the deployment, there are Hybrid cloud, Private cloud, and Public cloud. Based on organisation size, it is segmented into Large Enterprises and SMEs. Talking about end users, there are education, BFSI, manufacturing, healthcare, and public sector, consumer goods and retail, government and public sector, media and entertainment, healthcare and life sciences, telecommunication and ITES.\nGeographical Market Segmentation of the Industry\nThe geographical segmentation of Global Cloud Backup Market includes some major regions like Latin America, North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East, and Africa.\nSome of the focused countries are Canada, U.S., Brazil, Mexico, U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Russia, China, India, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, GCC, Southern Africa, and North Africa.\nOnline Backup is getting famous due to its unique and useful solutions such as simple monitoring and management, storage, backup and restore, easy integration with existing system, data de duplication, and other such services. The report says the North America region is dominating this market. On the other side, Europe region is witnessing strong growth in the online backup market. In the list of fastest growing region in this market, there are Japan, China, and India. The reason behind this is the size of high data generation in such countries is now increasing.\nLeading Market Players\nThe top market players or companies who are dominating the market are Code42 Software, Inc., Barracuda Networks, Inc, Efolder, Inc., IBM, Carbonite, Inc., Acronis International, GmbH, Asigra Inc., Datto, Inc., Druva Software, Veeam Software, Microsoft Corporation and Iron Mountain Incorporated.\nLatest Industry News\nRecently Acronis released its new Acronis Backup 12.5 which is considered as one of the world's best data backup solutions. It features best hardware as well as software support, ransomware protection and Instant Data Restore.\nTable of Content\n1 Cloud Backup Market Overview2 Global Cloud Backup Competitions by Players3 Global Cloud Backup Competitions by Types4 Global Cloud Backup Competitions by Applications5 Global Cloud Backup Production Market Analysis by Regions6 Global Cloud Backup Sales Market Analysis by Region7 Imports and Exports Market Analysis8 Global Cloud Backup Players Profiles and Sales Data9 Cloud Backup Upstream and Downstream Analysis10 Global Cloud Backup Market Forecast (2019 2025)11 Research Findings and Conclusion\n Continued\nAlso Read:", "URL": "https://icrowdnewswire.com/2019/09/23/cloud-backup-market-2019-global-analysis-opportunities-key-applications-and-forecast-to-2025/"}, {"Title": "Hybrid Cloud and Multicloud Will Be Game-Changers for IBM Stock", "Text": "Copyright \u00a9 2019 LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Breaking news 3 Big Stock Charts for Thursday: ORCL, UNP, KEY >>> READ MORE Sponsored by Home / Stock Picks / Stocks to Buy / Hybrid Cloud and Multicloud Will Be Game Changers for IBM Stock Hybrid Cloud and Multicloud Will Be Game Changers for IBM Stock IBM stock will benefit from its big cloud bets By Faisal Humayun Sep 27, 2019, 8:40 am EDT September 27, 2019\nIBM (NYSE: IBM ) has been sideways for almost a year and I believe that this is a typical \"lull before the storm.\" From a technical perspective, IBM stock is in a zone of consolidation and I believe that $120 to $140 will be a long term support zone for the stock. In sync with this view, IBM can be accumulated at current levels for break out on the upside in the coming quarters. Source: JHVEPhoto / Shutterstock.com\nThe acquisition of Red Hat will be a game changer for IBM as the company focuses on growth in the hybrid cloud market.\nTo put things into perspective, Allied Market Research expects the hybrid cloud market to grow at a CAGR of 21.7% between 2018 and 2025. Similarly, Mordor Intelligence expects the market to grow at a CAGR of 18.7% between 2019 and 2024. Clearly, hybrid cloud business will grow at 18% to 20% in the next 3 5 years. This presents a huge opportunity for IBM. Growth Will Accelerate in 2020 2021\nIBM expects mid single digit revenue growth by 2020 2021 and that's very likely considering the industry growth potential.\nIn the cloud segment, the following deals are worth noting in the last 3 months \u2013 IBM and AT&T (NYSE: T ) signed a multi year strategic alliance and this will enable moving AT&T business application to IBM cloud. National Express , a leading public transport operator, announced partnership with IBM for hybrid cloud. Avaya Holdings (NYSE: AVYA ) signed a deal with IBM adopt hybrid cloud solutions.\nWhile these are known facts, the point I am trying to make is that IBM is aggressively marketing its hybrid cloud solutions and I expect a flurry of deals in the coming quarters. This will add to the company's growth momentum for 2020 and beyond.\nOf course, IBM is still a laggard as compared to Amazon.com (NASDAQ: AMZN ), Microsoft Corporation (NASADQ: MSFT ) or Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG ). However, after several years, IBM seems to be showing aggressive intent and growth is likely to follow. IBM Will Benefit from Multicloud\nEven with players like Microsoft and Amazon ahead of IBM, there is significant impending growth in cloud business.\nOne of the major advantages for IBM is the trend that companies are increasingly using multicloud. In other words, a corporate utilizing Microsoft cloud is also a potential customer for IBM.\nThe reason for using multi cloud is well elaborated by Gartner analyst , Michael Warrilow \u2013\nMost organizations adopt a multi cloud strategy out of a desire to avoid vendor lock in or to take advantage of best of breed solutions We expect that most large organizations will continue to willfully pursue this approach.\nTherefore, IBM might be a laggard in terms of entry in the cloud business, but the company has a robust visible market considering the above factor.\nThe following observation by IBM commissioned study by McKinsey & Company provides insight on the impending growth \u2013\nMost enterprises are only 20 percent of the way into their cloud journeys. The simplest workloads are in the process of migration, but according to the study, the remaining 80 percent of workloads are still on premises.\nClearly, there is scope for growth for several big players in the market. I believe that IBM will make inroads even with the competition from companies who are market leaders in the cloud business. Final Words on IBM Stock\nIBM stock has remained sideways in the last few quarters and this is a good accumulation opportunity. IBM has been a laggard in the past, but the acquisition of Red Hat has translated into aggressive growth intent.\nI believe that the IBM stock price has still not discounted the positives. Market participants are waiting for numbers that are in sync with the renewed optimism of the management. However, considering the growth potential in hybrid cloud, it is entirely likely that IBM will meet expectations.\nTherefore, it makes sense to accumulate IBM stock at current levels with an initial investment horizon of 12 24 months. If the company can deliver revenue growth in 2020 2021, IBM stock can go ballistic.\nAs of this writing, Faisal Humayun did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.\nArticle printed from https://investorplace.com/2019/09/hybrid cloud multicloud game changers bm stock/.\n\u00a92019 LLC", "URL": "https://investorplace.com/2019/09/hybrid-cloud-multicloud-game-changers-bm-stock/"}, {"Title": "Hybrid Cloud Solutions \u2013 The Future of Enterprise IT", "Text": "Divya PS / 29 Aug 2019 / Cloud / Tech\nCloud computing is a technological revolution in progress and has been emerging as one of the most reliable paths for business innovation. Facilitating businesses to be more agile and responsive to the dynamic conditions and opportunities; cloud computing propels productivity growth and widens profit margins. Hybrid cloud solutions are the future of enterprise IT.\nThe adoption of disruptive technology is advancing in this era of cloud computing. It is clear that companies are unlocking new sources of productivity, collaboration, flexibility, and performance improvement.\nFrom on demand network access to scalability and greater security, the actual value of cloud computing catapults enterprises into a new dimension of competitiveness. Cloud computing can transform the way organizations approach operational issues.\nCloud solutions will combine with the next wave of intelligent technologies. Solutions in cloud computing will enter the Internet of Things (IoT), Blockchain, Big Data, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence (AI).\nCloud computing solutions have become the new norm for enterprises. The latest Gartner report points to the fact that this differentiated technology will continue to make headway in the technological landscape.\nAs we look ahead, it is clear that some definitive trends are floating around cloud computing. Hybrid cloud is assumed to represent the new norm of enterprise computing. We are resolving the binary paradigm of cloud infrastructure by leveraging the best of both worlds. As we see, the hybrid cloud strategy is poised to dominate the industry moving forward. What is Hybrid Cloud Computing?\nAccording to the National Institute of Standards and Technology, hybrid cloud is defined as:\n\" composition of two or more distinct cloud infrastructures (private, community, or public) that remain unique entities, but are bound together by standardized or proprietary technology that enables data and application portability.\" Every hybrid cloud model is different in its structure and layout, as it is devised to meet the unique needs of an enterprise.\nHybrid cloud is a complete cloud solution that can be leveraged to combine the high security attributes of private cloud. The easy to access features of public cloud is so that it caters to a diverse range of use cases and complex deployment scenarios.\nLeveraging both sides of the equation, a hybrid cloud infrastructure creates a unified, automated, and well maintained computing environment for business. The well maintained environment would ensure greater flexibility in moving workloads between different cloud solutions according to the dynamic needs and fluctuating costs. Why Hybrid Cloud?\nArchitecting a hybrid cloud enables organizations to tap advantages of public and private cloud deployments simultaneously. However, its main value lies in facilitating digital business transformation by gaining agility. Organizations often find it challenging to choose between deploying applications on premises and public cloud.\nIn most cases, companies continue to maintain their data centers for ensuring security, compliance, and operational control. Nonetheless, enterprises are always in need of more resources.\nFor instance, your organization may need additional computing and storage resources to meet the occasional demand spike. Then the business can scale back to the original in house servers when demand subsides.\nRestricting your cloud computing infrastructure to the boundaries of your private data centers doesn't seem a sensible choice. Demand on business resources and the lagtime this creates will require a public cloud service to access as many resources as needed.\nIntegrating a public cloud service into your existing IT strategy not only ensures an affordable solution for processing high volume data spikes but also helps in avoiding costly downtime. Top Use Cases of Hybrid Cloud.\nAs we look at some of the top benefits of hybrid cloud solutions, the answer to \"why choose hybrid cloud?\" becomes well defined. Hybrid cloud offers the best disaster recovery option along with an easily accessible private infrastructure.\nDeploying a hybrid cloud solution allows an enterprise to pick out their applications, data, and resources that can be put in the public cloud or a private environment. In most cases, critical and sensitive data is being stored in a data center, or private cloud deployments, whereas a public cloud, will be used for less risky resources.\nA resource that will allow organizations to reap the benefits of speed and flexibility of the cloud without having to replace their entire IT infrastructure is quickly becoming essential. Furthermore, the cloud can be a disaster recovery approach with an efficient route to protect critical applications.\nIn the world of IT infrastructure , agility and flexibility is the need of the hour. Organizations, regardless of their size and niche, should be able to respond to the changing business and customer demands efficiently. Hybrid cloud approach empowers enterprises with an unprecedented level of flexibility.\nHybrid cloud can optimizes the use of computing, storage, and networking resources. Nurturing greater IT and business collaboration, a hybrid cloud strategy creates an environment that can be scaled up or dialed back as your business needs grow and change.\nReducing your total cost of ownership , hybrid cloud provides the added benefit of being cost effective. Disaster recovery options, cloud bursting and several other attributes of hybrid cloud environments enable organizations to reduce costs.\nSwitching the IT spending to hybrid cloud's pay as you go model reduces capital expenses (CapEx) to a greater extent. Not only this cloud strategy matches your cost patterns to demand patterns, but also support current and future growth seamlessly.\nIncreasing demand for scalability , efficient productivity, and secure data access leads to the growing adoption of hybrid cloud solutions. The rising popularity of big data management tools, artificial intelligence (AI) and the Internet of Things (IoT) also acts as a growth catalyst.\nAccording to a report published by Allied Market Research , \" the global hybrid cloud market is projected to reach $171,926 million by 2025, growing at a CAGR of 21.7% from 2018 to 2025.\" Big cloud and IT players like Microsoft Corporation, Amazon Web Services, VMware, Rackspace, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, IBM, and Google LLC have been operating the global hybrid cloud market. The transformative role of Hybrid cloud.\nHybrid cloud architecture tackles the issues raised by several businesses for embracing public cloud. Regulatory compliance, data privacy, and jurisdiction requirements will have to be met. Businesses of all scales and industries can leverage hybrid cloud solutions to bring application services and data together to gain a significant foothold in the competitive market.\nComplete operational consistency and seamless workload portability of hybrid cloud strategies provide the freedom and flexibility to innovate faster and seize opportunities. Companies operating in finance, healthcare, and legal sectors feature particular regulatory requirements and information management standards.\nMoreover, many applications and services in these industries follow a legacy infrastructure being in place for decades. Extending the existing legacy system or rewriting an entire application would be costly and complicated.\nHybrid cloud strategies allow enterprises to avail the most cost effective and innovative solutions without incurring a large capital outlay of moving to a full cloud environment. How to Implement?\nThe first step towards cloud implementation lies in understanding the business value and use cases where hybrid cloud can be leveraged. Several factors have to be taken into consideration while implementing a hybrid cloud in any organization.\nHowever, the following seven steps are more universal for any cloud implementation process. Determine the cloud deployment model for applications and data. Integrate with existing enterprise services. Address connectivity requirements. Develop governance policies and service agreements. Assess and resolve security and privacy challenges. Manage the hybrid cloud environment. Consider a backup, archive, and disaster recovery plan.\nOrganizations choosing a hybrid approach can achieve financial and operational advantages. You must provide a plan early for creating a thoughtful migration plan. Challenges\nHybrid cloud computing is a valuable solution that delivers improved user experience, increased resiliency, and greater flexibility. Like any other emerging technology, it comes with a fair share of challenges and issues.\nThe top challenges faced by the organizations include security risks, compliance issues, integration complexity, components partitioning, and scaling complications. However, the good news is that all of these issues and complexities can be addressed with a well planned strategy.\nPartnering with a managed service provider helps in making smarter choices and mapping out a successful cloud strategy. Conclusion\nWe can say that the versatility and flexibility of hybrid cloud strategy will dominate the industry moving forward. As the hybrid cloud adoption becomes mainstream, enterprises need to perceive its full potential and address the unique complexities to derive its substantial benefits. Tags:", "URL": "https://readwrite.com/2019/08/29/hybrid-cloud-solutions-the-future-of-enterprise-it/"}, {"Title": "Public Cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS) Market 2019 Global Technology, Consumption, Segmentation, Growth, Development, Trends and forecasts to 2021", "Text": "Website & Blog Tuesday May 07, 2019 Public Cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS) Market 2019 Global Technology, Consumption, Segmentation, Growth, Development, Trends and forecasts to 2021 Posted on May 7, 2019 Wiseguyreports.Com Adds \"Public Cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS) \u2013 Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers and Analysis of Top Key Players to 2021\" To Its Research Database\nPublic Cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS) Market by Service (Cloud Application Platforms, Cloud Integration Services, Cloud Data Services, Cloud Application Development & Life Cycle Services and Other Cloud Platform Services): Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2019 \u2013 2021\nWiseguyreports.Com Adds \"Public Cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS) \u2013 Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers and Analysis of Top Key Players to 2021\" To Its Research Database\nThe report covers forecast and analysis for the Public cloud platform as a service market on a worldwide and regional level. The study provides historic data of 2015 along with a forecast from 2016 to 2021 based on revenue (USD million). The study includes drivers and restraints for the Public cloud platform as a service market along with the impact they have on the demand over the forecast period. Additionally, the report includes the study of opportunities available in the Public cloud platform as a service market on a worldwide level.\nIn order to give the users of this report a comprehensive view on the Public cloud platform as a service market, we have included an analysis of Porters Five Forces model for the market. The study encompasses a market attractiveness analysis, wherein submarket segments are benchmarked based on their market size, growth rate, and general attractiveness.\nThe study provides a decisive view on the Public cloud platform as a service market by segmenting the market based on submarkets. All the segments have been analyzed based on present and future trends and the market is estimated from 2016 to 2021. The submarket segment of Public cloud platform as a service includes cloud application platforms, cloud integration services, cloud data services, cloud application development life cycle services and other cloud platform services. The regional segmentation includes the current and forecast demand for North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa. This segmentation includes demand for Public cloud platform as a service based on individual applications in all the regions.\nThe report also includes detailed profiles of end players such Engine Yard, Google Inc, IBM, Microsoft Corporation and Amazon Web Services, Inc. The detailed description of players includes parameters such as company overview, financial overview, business strategies and recent developments of the company.\nGet Free Sample Report of Public Cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS) Market @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample request/3187057 public cloud platform as a service paas market\nThis report segments the global public cloud platform as a service (PaaS) market as follows:\nGlobal Public Cloud Platform as a Service Market: Submarket Segment Analysis Cloud Application Platforms", "URL": "http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/public-cloud-platform-as-a-service-paas-market-2019-global-technology-consumption-segmentation-growth-development-trends-and-forecasts-to-2021_364109.html"}, {"Title": "Know How Cloud Advertising is trending in Key Regions to", "Text": "Online Cloud services are the trend for IT companies these days. Cloud computing is a process where network of remote servers are shared on the internet to store, practice, share, and manage data on personal computers or local servers. These services which are provided are termed as cloud services. One of the part of cloud services is cloud advertising which maintain assortment, operation and delivery of advertising and ad related data in which cost and content are determined at the end of the end users access.\nMarket Segment and Share\nthe market is heavily driven by the effectiveness and requirements of the small and medium enterprises for cloud advertising. The need for fulfilling the customer requirements has resulted in segmentation of the market on the basis of the type, services, end user and on the basis of geography.\nFurther segmentation on the basis of:\nType Public Cloud, Private Cloud, Community Cloud, and Hybrid Cloud\nServices Infrastructure as a Service(IaaS), Software as a Service(SaaS), Business Process as a\nService(BPaaS), and Platform as a Service(PaaS), etc.\nDownload free Sample of This Strategic Report: 10065136\nEnd Users Government, Academic & Education, Energy Utility, Healthcare, etc.\nGeographies Latin America, Europe, North America, Asia Pacific and Middle East and Africa\nDriving Force\nThe major driving factors for the Global Cloud Advertising Market are the requirement of cost effectiveness in advertising, increase in the number of small and medium enterprises which are more into cloud advertising, and functional capability of the advertising.\nCloud Advertising Market\nMajor Players in the Market\nMajor players in the Global Cloud Advertising Market are Amazon Web Services, Google Incorporation, Cisco Systems, Hewlett Packard, IBM, Microsoft Corporation, Dell, etc.\nReport ContentsRegional AnalysisReport Highlights\nMarket segments\nMarket Drivers, Restraints and Opportunities\nMarket Size & Forecast 2016 to 2022\nSupply & Demand Value Chain\nMarket Current Trends\nCompetition & Major Companies\nTechnology and R&D Status\nPorters Five Force Analysis\nStrategic and Critical Success Factor Analysis of Key Players\nNorth America\nUS and Canada\nLatin America\nMexico, Brazil, Argentina and Rest of Latin America\nWestern Europe\nEU5 (Germany, France, Italy, Spain, U.K.)\nNordic Countries (Denmark, Finland, Norway, and Sweden)\nBenelux (Belgium, The Netherlands, and Luxembourg)\nRest of Western Europe\nEastern Europe\nRussia\nPoland\nRest of Eastern Europe\nAsia Pacific\nChina\nIndia\nJapan\nAustralia and New Zealand\nRest of Asia Pacific\nMiddle East and Africa\nGCC countries (Saudi Arabia, Oman, Qatar, Bahrain, UAE and Kuwait)\nSouth Africa\nNorth Africa\nRest of Middle East and Africa\nRequest For Sample Request: 10065136\nThis report is an elaborate aggregation of primary inputs from industry experts and participants across the supply chain. It provides details on market segmentation which is derived from several product mapping exercises, macroeconomic parameters and other qualitative and quantitative insights. The impact of all such factors is delivered across multiple market segments and geographies.\nDetailed Historical Overview (Market Origins, Product Launch Timeline, etc.)\nConsumer and Pricing Analysis\nMarket dynamics of the industry\nMarket Segmentation\nEstimated Market Sizing in terms of volume and value\nRecent trends in Market and impact\nResearch Status and Technology Overview\nExtensive Industry Structure Coverage\nAbout Kenneth Research\nKenneth Research is a reselling agency providing market research solutions in different verticals such as Automotive and Transportation, Chemicals and Materials, Healthcare, Food & Beverage and Consumer Packaged Goods, Semiconductors, Electronics & ICT, Packaging, and Others. Our portfolio includes set of market research insights such as market sizing and market forecasting, market share analysis and key positioning of the players (manufacturers, deals and distributors, etc), understanding the competitive landscape and their business at a ground level and many more. Our research experts deliver the offerings efficiently and effectively within a stipulated time. The market study provided by Kenneth Research helps the Industry veterans/investors to think and to act wisely in their overall strategy formulation.\nContact Us\nKenneth Research\nEmail:\nPhone:+1 313 462 0609", "URL": "http://www.valleyscw.com/story/41007611/know-how-cloud-advertising-market-is-trending-in-key-regions-to-reach-at-next-level-in-coming-years-2022"}, {"Title": "Microsoft beats Amazon to win USD 10bn Pentagon Cloud contract", "Text": "Microsoft beats Amazon to win USD 10bn Pentagon Cloud contract Oct 26, 2019 (3 hours ago) | IANS Washington, Oct 26 : In a shocker to Amazon Founder and CEO Jeff Bezos and his Cloud arm Amazon Web Services (AWS), the US government has awarded the much anticipated USD 10 billion Cloud contract for Pentagon to Microsoft. Known as the Joint Enterprise Defence Infrastructure (JEDI), the Cloud contract will provide enterprise level, commercial Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Platform as a Service (PaaS) to support Department of Defence business and mission operations, the Department of Defence said in a statement late Friday.\"Microsoft Corporation, Redmond, Washington, has been awarded a firm fixed price, indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity contract with a ceiling value of $10,000,000,000 over a period of 10 years, if all options are exercised,\" the statement added.AThe expected completion date of the project is October 24, 2029.The Pentagon selected Microsoft and AWS, cloud computing arm of Amazon, as two finalists for its $10 billion cloud contract, as the earlier contender Oracle missed the bus.The JEDI Cloud computing contract is aimed to bring the entire military under the envelope of a single Cloud provider.Over the last two years, the Department of Defence has awarded more than $11 billion across 10 separate cloud contracts.\"As we continue to execute the DOD Cloud Strategy, additional contracts are planned for both cloud services and complementary migration and integration solutions necessary to achieve effective cloud adoption,\" said DOD.The base contract period is two years with a $1 million guarantee.\"The National Defence Strategy dictates that we must improve the speed and effectiveness with which we develop and deploy modernised technical capabilities to our women and men in uniform,\" said DOD Chief Information Officer Dana Deasy.\"The DOD Digital Modernisation Strategy was created to support this imperative. This award is an important step in execution of the Digital Modernisation Strategy.\"The project saw backlash from several quarters including employees at tech giants like Google and Microsoft, alleging that the \"contract is massive in scope and shrouded in secrecy, which makes it nearly impossible to know what we as workers would be building\".Succumbing to pressure from employees, Google last year dropped its bid to be part of the JEDI contract.It's a key contract for Microsoft as the company battles Amazon for cloud dominance, reports The Verge.US President Donald Trump, who has been a critic of Amazon and Bezos over the company's tax arrangements, even got involved during the bidding process, saying the government was looking at the contract after \"getting enormous complaints\" from competitors to Amazon and Microsoft. Like This Article?", "URL": "https://www.newkerala.com/news/read/236185/microsoft-beats-amazon-to-win-usd-10bn-pentagon-cloud-contract.html"}, {"Title": "Microsoft beats Amazon to win $10bn Pentagon Cloud contract", "Text": "Top Stories: Google tweaks Search to throw more relevant results Facebook begins testing dedicated 'News' tab on its platform Microsoft beats Amazon to win $10bn Pentagon Cloud contract Now AI to give you fashion tips Samsung unveils new flagship processor Exynos 990 Motorola G8 Plus with triple camera now in India Twitter will not join Facebook's Libra: Jack Dorsey Smartphones, TV sales break records in Diwali season Microsoft beats Amazon to win $10bn Pentagon Cloud contract\nIn a shocker to Amazon Founder and CEO Jeff Bezos and his Cloud arm Amazon Web Services (AWS), the US government has awarded the much anticipated $10 billion Cloud contract for Pentagon to Microsoft. Known as the Joint Enterprise Defence Infrastructure (JEDI), the Cloud contract will provide enterprise level, commercial Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Platform as a Service (PaaS) to support Department of Defence business and mission operations, the Department of Defence said in a statement late Friday.\"Microsoft Corporation, Redmond, Washington, has been awarded a firm fixed price, indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity contract with a ceiling value of $10,000,000,000 over a period of 10 years, if all options are exercised,\" the statement added.A The expected completion date of the project is October 24, 2029. The Pentagon selected Microsoft and AWS, cloud computing arm of Amazon, as two finalists for its $10 billion cloud contract, as the earlier contender Oracle missed the bus. The JEDI Cloud computing contract is aimed to bring the entire military under the envelope of a single Cloud provider. Over the last two years, the Department of Defence has awarded more than $11 billion across 10 separate cloud contracts.\"As we continue to execute the DOD Cloud Strategy, additional contracts are planned for both cloud services and complementary migration and integration solutions necessary to achieve effective cloud adoption,\" said DOD. The base contract period is two years with a $1 million guarantee.\"The National Defence Strategy dictates that we must improve the speed and effectiveness with which we develop and deploy modernised technical capabilities to our women and men in uniform,\" said DOD Chief Information Officer Dana Deasy.\"The DOD Digital Modernisation Strategy was created to support this imperative. This award is an important step in execution of the Digital Modernisation Strategy.\" The project saw backlash from several quarters including employees at tech giants like Google and Microsoft, alleging that the \"contract is massive in scope and shrouded in secrecy, which makes it nearly impossible to know what we as workers would be building\". Succumbing to pressure from employees, Google last year dropped its bid to be part of the JEDI contract. It's a key contract for Microsoft as the company battles Amazon for cloud dominance, reports The Verge. US President Donald Trump, who has been a critic of Amazon and Bezos over the company's tax arrangements, even got involved during the bidding process, saying the government was looking at the contract after \"getting enormous complaints\" from competitors to Amazon and Microsoft.", "URL": "https://gadget2.in/TopStories/Microsoft-beats-Amazon-to-win-10bn-Pentagon-Cloud-contract"}, {"Title": "Microsoft beats Amazon to win $10 billion Cloud contract for Pentagon", "Text": "Microsoft beats Amazon to win $10 billion Cloud contract for Pentagon Indo Asian News Service 0\nWashington: In a shocker to Amazon Founder and CEO Jeff Bezos and his Cloud arm Amazon Web Services (AWS), the US government has awarded the much anticipated $10 billion Cloud contract for Pentagon to Microsoft.\nKnown as the Joint Enterprise Defence Infrastructure (JEDI), the Cloud contract will provide enterprise level, commercial Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Platform as a Service (PaaS) to support Department of Defence business and mission operations, the Department of Defence said in a statement late Friday.\n\"Microsoft Corporation, Redmond, Washington, has been awarded a firm fixed price, indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity contract with a ceiling value of $10,000,000,000 over a period of 10 years, if all options are exercised,\" the statement added.A\nThe expected completion date of the project is October 24, 2029.\nThe Pentagon selected Microsoft and AWS, cloud computing arm of Amazon, as two finalists for its $10 billion cloud contract, as the earlier contender Oracle missed the bus.\nThe JEDI Cloud computing contract is aimed to bring the entire military under the envelope of a single Cloud provider.\nOver the last two years, the Department of Defence has awarded more than $11 billion across 10 separate cloud contracts.\n\"As we continue to execute the DOD Cloud Strategy, additional contracts are planned for both cloud services and complementary migration and integration solutions necessary to achieve effective cloud adoption,\" said DOD.\nThe base contract period is two years with a $1 million guarantee.\n\"The National Defence Strategy dictates that we must improve the speed and effectiveness with which we develop and deploy modernised technical capabilities to our women and men in uniform,\" said DOD Chief Information Officer Dana Deasy.\n\"The DOD Digital Modernisation Strategy was created to support this imperative. This award is an important step in execution of the Digital Modernisation Strategy.\"\nThe project saw backlash from several quarters including employees at tech giants like Google and Microsoft, alleging that the \"contract is massive in scope and shrouded in secrecy, which makes it nearly impossible to know what we as workers would be building\".\nSuccumbing to pressure from employees, Google last year dropped its bid to be part of the JEDI contract.\nIt's a key contract for Microsoft as the company battles Amazon for cloud dominance, reports The Verge.\nUS President Donald Trump, who has been a critic of Amazon and Bezos over the company's tax arrangements, even got involved during the bidding process, saying the government was looking at the contract after \"getting enormous complaints\" from competitors to Amazon and Microsoft.", "URL": "https://www.orissapost.com/microsoft-beats-amazon-to-win-10-billion-cloud-contract-for-pentagon/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "Microsoft Corporation", "intensity": 13.0, "score": 58669, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "Global Cloud PBX Market Data Analysis, Growth, Demand & Forecast 2019-2024: Microsoft Corporation , RingCentral Inc. , Vonage America Inc. , ShoreTel, Inc.", "Text": "Global Cloud PBX Market Data Analysis, Growth, Demand & Forecast 2019 2024: Microsoft Corporation , RingCentral Inc. , Vonage America Inc. , ShoreTel, Inc. 27 mins ago Ann.Castro\nThe worldwide \" Cloud PBX market \" statistical surveying report is an inescapable research report that contacts the most imperative parts of the Cloud PBX platform that is important to be gotten a handle on by an expert or even a layman. The research covers the current market size of the Global Cloud PBX market and its growth rates based on 5 year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers such as Microsoft Corporation (U.S.), RingCentral Inc.(U.S), Vonage America Inc.(U.S.), ShoreTel, Inc. (U.S.), Nextiva Inc.(U.S.), Avaya Inc.(U.S.), MegaPath Inc.(U.S.), Jive Software Inc. (U.S.), Phone.com (U.S.). The statistical surveying report illuminates one with respect to few of the imperative perspectives, for example, an outline of the Cloud PBX item, the development factors improving or hampering its advancement, application in the different fields, major ruling organizations, veritable certainties, monetary circumstance, and topographical examination..\nGet Access to the FREE sample report:: www.reportsbuzz.com/request for sample.html?repid=57353\nBased on the present techniques and trends, the global Cloud PBX market report provides thoroughly analyzed and predicted forecast regarding the upcoming growth of the market. The report conjointly categorizes the market into main product kind WAN, LAN and the sub segments Commercial, Industrial of the Cloud PBX market are depicted in the report. The market report also explains the major alteration in the product version, its production technology, and development that may be caused due to a little variation in the product profile.\nThe global Cloud PBX market is one of the booming markets with well established zone worldwide. The global market has been completely focusing over the advancement in the groundbreaking technologies and listening to the customer's preferences; which lead to the vast and continuous increase in its growth rate. The global Cloud PBX market provides a huge platform with lots of opportunities for different industries in different regions to emerge and establish globally.\nRead Detailed Index of full Research Study at:: www.reportsbuzz.com/57353/global cloud pbx market outlook 2018 2025 industry/\nThe global report provides detailed key points that have significant effects on the global development of the Cloud PBX market. It provides the current status as well as future aspects over the market development. The report is generated after in depth research and thorough analysis of the development in various sectors of the market that needs technological ideas, hypothetical analysis, and its applicability. The factors that significantly improve and demote the market growth; deep justification of the market's previous data; along with the current analyzed data; and the future development of the Cloud PBX market are included in the report. The Cloud PBX market report also delivers a theoretical based study regarding the financial instabilities in terms of the demand and the supply.\nThere are 15 Chapters to display the Global Cloud PBX market\nChapter 1, Definition, Specifications and Classification of Cloud PBX , Applications of Cloud PBX , Market Segment by Regions; Chapter 2, Manufacturing 3, Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Cloud PBX , Capacity and Commercial Production date, 4, Overall 6, Regional Market Analysis that includes United States, China, Europe, Japan, Korea & Taiwan, Cloud PBX Segment Market Analysis (by Type); Chapter 7 and 8, The Cloud PBX Segment Market Analysis (by Application) Major Manufacturers Analysis of Cloud PBX ; Chapter 9, Market Trend Analysis, Regional Market Trend, Market Trend by Product Type WAN, LAN, Market Trend by Application; Chapter 10, Regional 11, The Consumers Analysis of Global Cloud PBX ; Chapter 12, Cloud PBX 15, Cloud PBX buying.html?repid=57353 Tags: Cloud PBX , Cloud PBX Market , cloud pbx market demand , cloud pbx market overview , cloud pbx market sale price , cloud pbx market size share , cloud pbx market trend , Global Cloud PBX Market 2019 Continue Reading", "URL": "http://nwctrail.com/2019/09/21/global-cloud-pbx-market-data-analysis-growth-demand-forecast-2019-2024-microsoft-corporation-ringcentral-inc-vonage-america-inc-shoretel-inc/"}, {"Title": "Abiquo", "Text": "abiquo.com What is Abiquo?\nAbiquo is a hybrid cloud management solution designed to simplify the task of company IT professionals, enabling them to fully manage, track, and secure their organization's cloud computing resources while allowing all members of the organization accomplish their goals unhindered. With Abiquo, companies have a unified cloud based management platform capable of handling both private and public cloud infrastructures. The software is built with the aim of helping IT workers control their cloud resources, manage their expenses, and secure their infrastructure while keeping their organization's overall productivity high.\nAbiquo has three deployment options: Abiquo On Premise, Abiquo SaaS, and Abiquo in Azure. Abiquo On Premise gives companies total freedom in the creation, utilization, and management of their hybrid cloud service. Abiquo SaaS, on the other hand, provides users with a comprehensive hybrid cloud management platform that is managed by Abiquo's experts. With Abiquo in Azure, users can run their own hybrid cloud service from Microsoft Azure and enjoy the same benefits of Abiquo On Premise. Overview of Abiquo Benefits\nSolid Foundation\nAbiquo's Hybrid Cloud Management solution delivers a robust foundation for your commercial true hybrid cloud service. Whether you offer managed services, Internet services, and managed hosting services, Abiquo lets you build a unique cloud service with your preference of computer, network, and storage, and easily integrate it with the public cloud services that your customers require.\nPowerful Capabilities\nWith Abiquo, you can easily incorporate your hybrid cloud management service with your existing back office systems, billing platforms, CMDB, and workflows. On top of that, you can customize the branding of the Abiquo portal to match yours and your organization's terminology.\nThe software allows you to leverage VMware NSX, OpenStack Neutron, and Veeam in adding Software Defined Networking, backup, and automation. Abiquo's integration capabilities via REST API brings more value to your managed services.\nCentralized Console For Visibility and Management\nAbiquo helps you create a clear picture of your hybrid cloud service. From a single, unified console, you can visualize, track, automate, manage, and scale your workloads effortlessly.\nUtilize Your Existing Systems\nAbiquo helps you get more value from your current resources and systems. Its REST API plus other integration capabilities allow for frictionless migration of your resources into Abiquo's centralized management hub. Overview of Abiquo Features Fully Customisable Self Service Portal Resource Allocation Pricing and Billing Engine with multi currency support Complete multi layered white labeling", "URL": "https://reviews.financesonline.com/p/abiquo/"}, {"Title": "Cloud Backup Market 2019 Global Analysis, Opportunities, Key Applications and Forecast to 2025", "Text": "Sep 23, 2019 4:46 AM ET Cloud Backup Market 2019 Global Analysis, Opportunities, Key Applications and Forecast to 2025 iCrowd Newswire Sep 23, 2019\nOverview\nTalking about Cloud Backup, it is also known as Cloud Computer Backup or Online Backup. It is the process of backing up the data to secure cloud based server. The server is generally provided by a third party service provider. It is much better than local back up, i.e., backing up data into hard disks. The best thing about online backup is, it can collect, compress, encrypts, and transfer data without taking much time, and it doesn't consume much bandwidth.\nThe report indicates this market growth is boosted by the online backup solution of making a right and informed decisions to obtain the desired outcomes. Besides, the massive size of data generation, lower cost, and growing usage of SaaS are also driving the market.\nThe Global Cloud Backup Market is estimated to grow at $ xx million by the end of 2025. Besides, during the forecast period, the Compound Annual Growth Rate will be x %.\nRequest a Free Sample Report, Click Here @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/4234292 global cloud backup industry depth research report and forecast to 2025\nMarket Segmentation of Online Backup Industry\nThe World Cloud Backup Industry is segmented based on solutions, services, deployment, organisation size, end users, and region.\nBased on the solution, the product is divided by Disaster recovery, Primary Storage, Cloud storage gateway, and others. On the basis of services, it is split into cloud integration and migration, support and maintenance, training and consulting, and managed services.\nComing to the deployment, there are Hybrid cloud, Private cloud, and Public cloud. Based on organisation size, it is segmented into Large Enterprises and SMEs. Talking about end users, there are education, BFSI, manufacturing, healthcare, and public sector, consumer goods and retail, government and public sector, media and entertainment, healthcare and life sciences, telecommunication and ITES.\nGeographical Market Segmentation of the Industry\nThe geographical segmentation of Global Cloud Backup Market includes some major regions like Latin America, North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East, and Africa.\nSome of the focused countries are Canada, U.S., Brazil, Mexico, U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Russia, China, India, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, GCC, Southern Africa, and North Africa.\nOnline Backup is getting famous due to its unique and useful solutions such as simple monitoring and management, storage, backup and restore, easy integration with existing system, data de duplication, and other such services. The report says the North America region is dominating this market. On the other side, Europe region is witnessing strong growth in the online backup market. In the list of fastest growing region in this market, there are Japan, China, and India. The reason behind this is the size of high data generation in such countries is now increasing.\nLeading Market Players\nThe top market players or companies who are dominating the market are Code42 Software, Inc., Barracuda Networks, Inc, Efolder, Inc., IBM, Carbonite, Inc., Acronis International, GmbH, Asigra Inc., Datto, Inc., Druva Software, Veeam Software, Microsoft Corporation and Iron Mountain Incorporated.\nLatest Industry News\nRecently Acronis released its new Acronis Backup 12.5 which is considered as one of the world's best data backup solutions. It features best hardware as well as software support, ransomware protection and Instant Data Restore.\nTable of Content\n1 Cloud Backup Market Overview2 Global Cloud Backup Competitions by Players3 Global Cloud Backup Competitions by Types4 Global Cloud Backup Competitions by Applications5 Global Cloud Backup Production Market Analysis by Regions6 Global Cloud Backup Sales Market Analysis by Region7 Imports and Exports Market Analysis8 Global Cloud Backup Players Profiles and Sales Data9 Cloud Backup Upstream and Downstream Analysis10 Global Cloud Backup Market Forecast (2019 2025)11 Research Findings and Conclusion\n Continued\nAlso Read:", "URL": "https://icrowdnewswire.com/2019/09/23/cloud-backup-market-2019-global-analysis-opportunities-key-applications-and-forecast-to-2025/"}, {"Title": "Hybrid Cloud and Multicloud Will Be Game-Changers for IBM Stock", "Text": "Copyright \u00a9 2019 LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Breaking news 3 Big Stock Charts for Thursday: ORCL, UNP, KEY >>> READ MORE Sponsored by Home / Stock Picks / Stocks to Buy / Hybrid Cloud and Multicloud Will Be Game Changers for IBM Stock Hybrid Cloud and Multicloud Will Be Game Changers for IBM Stock IBM stock will benefit from its big cloud bets By Faisal Humayun Sep 27, 2019, 8:40 am EDT September 27, 2019\nIBM (NYSE: IBM ) has been sideways for almost a year and I believe that this is a typical \"lull before the storm.\" From a technical perspective, IBM stock is in a zone of consolidation and I believe that $120 to $140 will be a long term support zone for the stock. In sync with this view, IBM can be accumulated at current levels for break out on the upside in the coming quarters. Source: JHVEPhoto / Shutterstock.com\nThe acquisition of Red Hat will be a game changer for IBM as the company focuses on growth in the hybrid cloud market.\nTo put things into perspective, Allied Market Research expects the hybrid cloud market to grow at a CAGR of 21.7% between 2018 and 2025. Similarly, Mordor Intelligence expects the market to grow at a CAGR of 18.7% between 2019 and 2024. Clearly, hybrid cloud business will grow at 18% to 20% in the next 3 5 years. This presents a huge opportunity for IBM. Growth Will Accelerate in 2020 2021\nIBM expects mid single digit revenue growth by 2020 2021 and that's very likely considering the industry growth potential.\nIn the cloud segment, the following deals are worth noting in the last 3 months \u2013 IBM and AT&T (NYSE: T ) signed a multi year strategic alliance and this will enable moving AT&T business application to IBM cloud. National Express , a leading public transport operator, announced partnership with IBM for hybrid cloud. Avaya Holdings (NYSE: AVYA ) signed a deal with IBM adopt hybrid cloud solutions.\nWhile these are known facts, the point I am trying to make is that IBM is aggressively marketing its hybrid cloud solutions and I expect a flurry of deals in the coming quarters. This will add to the company's growth momentum for 2020 and beyond.\nOf course, IBM is still a laggard as compared to Amazon.com (NASDAQ: AMZN ), Microsoft Corporation (NASADQ: MSFT ) or Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG ). However, after several years, IBM seems to be showing aggressive intent and growth is likely to follow. IBM Will Benefit from Multicloud\nEven with players like Microsoft and Amazon ahead of IBM, there is significant impending growth in cloud business.\nOne of the major advantages for IBM is the trend that companies are increasingly using multicloud. In other words, a corporate utilizing Microsoft cloud is also a potential customer for IBM.\nThe reason for using multi cloud is well elaborated by Gartner analyst , Michael Warrilow \u2013\nMost organizations adopt a multi cloud strategy out of a desire to avoid vendor lock in or to take advantage of best of breed solutions We expect that most large organizations will continue to willfully pursue this approach.\nTherefore, IBM might be a laggard in terms of entry in the cloud business, but the company has a robust visible market considering the above factor.\nThe following observation by IBM commissioned study by McKinsey & Company provides insight on the impending growth \u2013\nMost enterprises are only 20 percent of the way into their cloud journeys. The simplest workloads are in the process of migration, but according to the study, the remaining 80 percent of workloads are still on premises.\nClearly, there is scope for growth for several big players in the market. I believe that IBM will make inroads even with the competition from companies who are market leaders in the cloud business. Final Words on IBM Stock\nIBM stock has remained sideways in the last few quarters and this is a good accumulation opportunity. IBM has been a laggard in the past, but the acquisition of Red Hat has translated into aggressive growth intent.\nI believe that the IBM stock price has still not discounted the positives. Market participants are waiting for numbers that are in sync with the renewed optimism of the management. However, considering the growth potential in hybrid cloud, it is entirely likely that IBM will meet expectations.\nTherefore, it makes sense to accumulate IBM stock at current levels with an initial investment horizon of 12 24 months. If the company can deliver revenue growth in 2020 2021, IBM stock can go ballistic.\nAs of this writing, Faisal Humayun did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.\nArticle printed from https://investorplace.com/2019/09/hybrid cloud multicloud game changers bm stock/.\n\u00a92019 LLC", "URL": "https://investorplace.com/2019/09/hybrid-cloud-multicloud-game-changers-bm-stock/"}, {"Title": "Hybrid Cloud Solutions \u2013 The Future of Enterprise IT", "Text": "Divya PS / 29 Aug 2019 / Cloud / Tech\nCloud computing is a technological revolution in progress and has been emerging as one of the most reliable paths for business innovation. Facilitating businesses to be more agile and responsive to the dynamic conditions and opportunities; cloud computing propels productivity growth and widens profit margins. Hybrid cloud solutions are the future of enterprise IT.\nThe adoption of disruptive technology is advancing in this era of cloud computing. It is clear that companies are unlocking new sources of productivity, collaboration, flexibility, and performance improvement.\nFrom on demand network access to scalability and greater security, the actual value of cloud computing catapults enterprises into a new dimension of competitiveness. Cloud computing can transform the way organizations approach operational issues.\nCloud solutions will combine with the next wave of intelligent technologies. Solutions in cloud computing will enter the Internet of Things (IoT), Blockchain, Big Data, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence (AI).\nCloud computing solutions have become the new norm for enterprises. The latest Gartner report points to the fact that this differentiated technology will continue to make headway in the technological landscape.\nAs we look ahead, it is clear that some definitive trends are floating around cloud computing. Hybrid cloud is assumed to represent the new norm of enterprise computing. We are resolving the binary paradigm of cloud infrastructure by leveraging the best of both worlds. As we see, the hybrid cloud strategy is poised to dominate the industry moving forward. What is Hybrid Cloud Computing?\nAccording to the National Institute of Standards and Technology, hybrid cloud is defined as:\n\" composition of two or more distinct cloud infrastructures (private, community, or public) that remain unique entities, but are bound together by standardized or proprietary technology that enables data and application portability.\" Every hybrid cloud model is different in its structure and layout, as it is devised to meet the unique needs of an enterprise.\nHybrid cloud is a complete cloud solution that can be leveraged to combine the high security attributes of private cloud. The easy to access features of public cloud is so that it caters to a diverse range of use cases and complex deployment scenarios.\nLeveraging both sides of the equation, a hybrid cloud infrastructure creates a unified, automated, and well maintained computing environment for business. The well maintained environment would ensure greater flexibility in moving workloads between different cloud solutions according to the dynamic needs and fluctuating costs. Why Hybrid Cloud?\nArchitecting a hybrid cloud enables organizations to tap advantages of public and private cloud deployments simultaneously. However, its main value lies in facilitating digital business transformation by gaining agility. Organizations often find it challenging to choose between deploying applications on premises and public cloud.\nIn most cases, companies continue to maintain their data centers for ensuring security, compliance, and operational control. Nonetheless, enterprises are always in need of more resources.\nFor instance, your organization may need additional computing and storage resources to meet the occasional demand spike. Then the business can scale back to the original in house servers when demand subsides.\nRestricting your cloud computing infrastructure to the boundaries of your private data centers doesn't seem a sensible choice. Demand on business resources and the lagtime this creates will require a public cloud service to access as many resources as needed.\nIntegrating a public cloud service into your existing IT strategy not only ensures an affordable solution for processing high volume data spikes but also helps in avoiding costly downtime. Top Use Cases of Hybrid Cloud.\nAs we look at some of the top benefits of hybrid cloud solutions, the answer to \"why choose hybrid cloud?\" becomes well defined. Hybrid cloud offers the best disaster recovery option along with an easily accessible private infrastructure.\nDeploying a hybrid cloud solution allows an enterprise to pick out their applications, data, and resources that can be put in the public cloud or a private environment. In most cases, critical and sensitive data is being stored in a data center, or private cloud deployments, whereas a public cloud, will be used for less risky resources.\nA resource that will allow organizations to reap the benefits of speed and flexibility of the cloud without having to replace their entire IT infrastructure is quickly becoming essential. Furthermore, the cloud can be a disaster recovery approach with an efficient route to protect critical applications.\nIn the world of IT infrastructure , agility and flexibility is the need of the hour. Organizations, regardless of their size and niche, should be able to respond to the changing business and customer demands efficiently. Hybrid cloud approach empowers enterprises with an unprecedented level of flexibility.\nHybrid cloud can optimizes the use of computing, storage, and networking resources. Nurturing greater IT and business collaboration, a hybrid cloud strategy creates an environment that can be scaled up or dialed back as your business needs grow and change.\nReducing your total cost of ownership , hybrid cloud provides the added benefit of being cost effective. Disaster recovery options, cloud bursting and several other attributes of hybrid cloud environments enable organizations to reduce costs.\nSwitching the IT spending to hybrid cloud's pay as you go model reduces capital expenses (CapEx) to a greater extent. Not only this cloud strategy matches your cost patterns to demand patterns, but also support current and future growth seamlessly.\nIncreasing demand for scalability , efficient productivity, and secure data access leads to the growing adoption of hybrid cloud solutions. The rising popularity of big data management tools, artificial intelligence (AI) and the Internet of Things (IoT) also acts as a growth catalyst.\nAccording to a report published by Allied Market Research , \" the global hybrid cloud market is projected to reach $171,926 million by 2025, growing at a CAGR of 21.7% from 2018 to 2025.\" Big cloud and IT players like Microsoft Corporation, Amazon Web Services, VMware, Rackspace, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, IBM, and Google LLC have been operating the global hybrid cloud market. The transformative role of Hybrid cloud.\nHybrid cloud architecture tackles the issues raised by several businesses for embracing public cloud. Regulatory compliance, data privacy, and jurisdiction requirements will have to be met. Businesses of all scales and industries can leverage hybrid cloud solutions to bring application services and data together to gain a significant foothold in the competitive market.\nComplete operational consistency and seamless workload portability of hybrid cloud strategies provide the freedom and flexibility to innovate faster and seize opportunities. Companies operating in finance, healthcare, and legal sectors feature particular regulatory requirements and information management standards.\nMoreover, many applications and services in these industries follow a legacy infrastructure being in place for decades. Extending the existing legacy system or rewriting an entire application would be costly and complicated.\nHybrid cloud strategies allow enterprises to avail the most cost effective and innovative solutions without incurring a large capital outlay of moving to a full cloud environment. How to Implement?\nThe first step towards cloud implementation lies in understanding the business value and use cases where hybrid cloud can be leveraged. Several factors have to be taken into consideration while implementing a hybrid cloud in any organization.\nHowever, the following seven steps are more universal for any cloud implementation process. Determine the cloud deployment model for applications and data. Integrate with existing enterprise services. Address connectivity requirements. Develop governance policies and service agreements. Assess and resolve security and privacy challenges. Manage the hybrid cloud environment. Consider a backup, archive, and disaster recovery plan.\nOrganizations choosing a hybrid approach can achieve financial and operational advantages. You must provide a plan early for creating a thoughtful migration plan. Challenges\nHybrid cloud computing is a valuable solution that delivers improved user experience, increased resiliency, and greater flexibility. Like any other emerging technology, it comes with a fair share of challenges and issues.\nThe top challenges faced by the organizations include security risks, compliance issues, integration complexity, components partitioning, and scaling complications. However, the good news is that all of these issues and complexities can be addressed with a well planned strategy.\nPartnering with a managed service provider helps in making smarter choices and mapping out a successful cloud strategy. Conclusion\nWe can say that the versatility and flexibility of hybrid cloud strategy will dominate the industry moving forward. As the hybrid cloud adoption becomes mainstream, enterprises need to perceive its full potential and address the unique complexities to derive its substantial benefits. Tags:", "URL": "https://readwrite.com/2019/08/29/hybrid-cloud-solutions-the-future-of-enterprise-it/"}, {"Title": "Public Cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS) Market 2019 Global Technology, Consumption, Segmentation, Growth, Development, Trends and forecasts to 2021", "Text": "Website & Blog Tuesday May 07, 2019 Public Cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS) Market 2019 Global Technology, Consumption, Segmentation, Growth, Development, Trends and forecasts to 2021 Posted on May 7, 2019 Wiseguyreports.Com Adds \"Public Cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS) \u2013 Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers and Analysis of Top Key Players to 2021\" To Its Research Database\nPublic Cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS) Market by Service (Cloud Application Platforms, Cloud Integration Services, Cloud Data Services, Cloud Application Development & Life Cycle Services and Other Cloud Platform Services): Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2019 \u2013 2021\nWiseguyreports.Com Adds \"Public Cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS) \u2013 Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers and Analysis of Top Key Players to 2021\" To Its Research Database\nThe report covers forecast and analysis for the Public cloud platform as a service market on a worldwide and regional level. The study provides historic data of 2015 along with a forecast from 2016 to 2021 based on revenue (USD million). The study includes drivers and restraints for the Public cloud platform as a service market along with the impact they have on the demand over the forecast period. Additionally, the report includes the study of opportunities available in the Public cloud platform as a service market on a worldwide level.\nIn order to give the users of this report a comprehensive view on the Public cloud platform as a service market, we have included an analysis of Porters Five Forces model for the market. The study encompasses a market attractiveness analysis, wherein submarket segments are benchmarked based on their market size, growth rate, and general attractiveness.\nThe study provides a decisive view on the Public cloud platform as a service market by segmenting the market based on submarkets. All the segments have been analyzed based on present and future trends and the market is estimated from 2016 to 2021. The submarket segment of Public cloud platform as a service includes cloud application platforms, cloud integration services, cloud data services, cloud application development life cycle services and other cloud platform services. The regional segmentation includes the current and forecast demand for North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa. This segmentation includes demand for Public cloud platform as a service based on individual applications in all the regions.\nThe report also includes detailed profiles of end players such Engine Yard, Google Inc, IBM, Microsoft Corporation and Amazon Web Services, Inc. The detailed description of players includes parameters such as company overview, financial overview, business strategies and recent developments of the company.\nGet Free Sample Report of Public Cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS) Market @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample request/3187057 public cloud platform as a service paas market\nThis report segments the global public cloud platform as a service (PaaS) market as follows:\nGlobal Public Cloud Platform as a Service Market: Submarket Segment Analysis Cloud Application Platforms", "URL": "http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/public-cloud-platform-as-a-service-paas-market-2019-global-technology-consumption-segmentation-growth-development-trends-and-forecasts-to-2021_364109.html"}, {"Title": "Know How Cloud Advertising is trending in Key Regions to", "Text": "Online Cloud services are the trend for IT companies these days. Cloud computing is a process where network of remote servers are shared on the internet to store, practice, share, and manage data on personal computers or local servers. These services which are provided are termed as cloud services. One of the part of cloud services is cloud advertising which maintain assortment, operation and delivery of advertising and ad related data in which cost and content are determined at the end of the end users access.\nMarket Segment and Share\nthe market is heavily driven by the effectiveness and requirements of the small and medium enterprises for cloud advertising. The need for fulfilling the customer requirements has resulted in segmentation of the market on the basis of the type, services, end user and on the basis of geography.\nFurther segmentation on the basis of:\nType Public Cloud, Private Cloud, Community Cloud, and Hybrid Cloud\nServices Infrastructure as a Service(IaaS), Software as a Service(SaaS), Business Process as a\nService(BPaaS), and Platform as a Service(PaaS), etc.\nDownload free Sample of This Strategic Report: 10065136\nEnd Users Government, Academic & Education, Energy Utility, Healthcare, etc.\nGeographies Latin America, Europe, North America, Asia Pacific and Middle East and Africa\nDriving Force\nThe major driving factors for the Global Cloud Advertising Market are the requirement of cost effectiveness in advertising, increase in the number of small and medium enterprises which are more into cloud advertising, and functional capability of the advertising.\nCloud Advertising Market\nMajor Players in the Market\nMajor players in the Global Cloud Advertising Market are Amazon Web Services, Google Incorporation, Cisco Systems, Hewlett Packard, IBM, Microsoft Corporation, Dell, etc.\nReport ContentsRegional AnalysisReport Highlights\nMarket segments\nMarket Drivers, Restraints and Opportunities\nMarket Size & Forecast 2016 to 2022\nSupply & Demand Value Chain\nMarket Current Trends\nCompetition & Major Companies\nTechnology and R&D Status\nPorters Five Force Analysis\nStrategic and Critical Success Factor Analysis of Key Players\nNorth America\nUS and Canada\nLatin America\nMexico, Brazil, Argentina and Rest of Latin America\nWestern Europe\nEU5 (Germany, France, Italy, Spain, U.K.)\nNordic Countries (Denmark, Finland, Norway, and Sweden)\nBenelux (Belgium, The Netherlands, and Luxembourg)\nRest of Western Europe\nEastern Europe\nRussia\nPoland\nRest of Eastern Europe\nAsia Pacific\nChina\nIndia\nJapan\nAustralia and New Zealand\nRest of Asia Pacific\nMiddle East and Africa\nGCC countries (Saudi Arabia, Oman, Qatar, Bahrain, UAE and Kuwait)\nSouth Africa\nNorth Africa\nRest of Middle East and Africa\nRequest For Sample Request: 10065136\nThis report is an elaborate aggregation of primary inputs from industry experts and participants across the supply chain. It provides details on market segmentation which is derived from several product mapping exercises, macroeconomic parameters and other qualitative and quantitative insights. The impact of all such factors is delivered across multiple market segments and geographies.\nDetailed Historical Overview (Market Origins, Product Launch Timeline, etc.)\nConsumer and Pricing Analysis\nMarket dynamics of the industry\nMarket Segmentation\nEstimated Market Sizing in terms of volume and value\nRecent trends in Market and impact\nResearch Status and Technology Overview\nExtensive Industry Structure Coverage\nAbout Kenneth Research\nKenneth Research is a reselling agency providing market research solutions in different verticals such as Automotive and Transportation, Chemicals and Materials, Healthcare, Food & Beverage and Consumer Packaged Goods, Semiconductors, Electronics & ICT, Packaging, and Others. Our portfolio includes set of market research insights such as market sizing and market forecasting, market share analysis and key positioning of the players (manufacturers, deals and distributors, etc), understanding the competitive landscape and their business at a ground level and many more. Our research experts deliver the offerings efficiently and effectively within a stipulated time. The market study provided by Kenneth Research helps the Industry veterans/investors to think and to act wisely in their overall strategy formulation.\nContact Us\nKenneth Research\nEmail:\nPhone:+1 313 462 0609", "URL": "http://www.valleyscw.com/story/41007611/know-how-cloud-advertising-market-is-trending-in-key-regions-to-reach-at-next-level-in-coming-years-2022"}, {"Title": "Microsoft beats Amazon to win USD 10bn Pentagon Cloud contract", "Text": "Microsoft beats Amazon to win USD 10bn Pentagon Cloud contract Oct 26, 2019 (3 hours ago) | IANS Washington, Oct 26 : In a shocker to Amazon Founder and CEO Jeff Bezos and his Cloud arm Amazon Web Services (AWS), the US government has awarded the much anticipated USD 10 billion Cloud contract for Pentagon to Microsoft. Known as the Joint Enterprise Defence Infrastructure (JEDI), the Cloud contract will provide enterprise level, commercial Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Platform as a Service (PaaS) to support Department of Defence business and mission operations, the Department of Defence said in a statement late Friday.\"Microsoft Corporation, Redmond, Washington, has been awarded a firm fixed price, indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity contract with a ceiling value of $10,000,000,000 over a period of 10 years, if all options are exercised,\" the statement added.AThe expected completion date of the project is October 24, 2029.The Pentagon selected Microsoft and AWS, cloud computing arm of Amazon, as two finalists for its $10 billion cloud contract, as the earlier contender Oracle missed the bus.The JEDI Cloud computing contract is aimed to bring the entire military under the envelope of a single Cloud provider.Over the last two years, the Department of Defence has awarded more than $11 billion across 10 separate cloud contracts.\"As we continue to execute the DOD Cloud Strategy, additional contracts are planned for both cloud services and complementary migration and integration solutions necessary to achieve effective cloud adoption,\" said DOD.The base contract period is two years with a $1 million guarantee.\"The National Defence Strategy dictates that we must improve the speed and effectiveness with which we develop and deploy modernised technical capabilities to our women and men in uniform,\" said DOD Chief Information Officer Dana Deasy.\"The DOD Digital Modernisation Strategy was created to support this imperative. This award is an important step in execution of the Digital Modernisation Strategy.\"The project saw backlash from several quarters including employees at tech giants like Google and Microsoft, alleging that the \"contract is massive in scope and shrouded in secrecy, which makes it nearly impossible to know what we as workers would be building\".Succumbing to pressure from employees, Google last year dropped its bid to be part of the JEDI contract.It's a key contract for Microsoft as the company battles Amazon for cloud dominance, reports The Verge.US President Donald Trump, who has been a critic of Amazon and Bezos over the company's tax arrangements, even got involved during the bidding process, saying the government was looking at the contract after \"getting enormous complaints\" from competitors to Amazon and Microsoft. Like This Article?", "URL": "https://www.newkerala.com/news/read/236185/microsoft-beats-amazon-to-win-usd-10bn-pentagon-cloud-contract.html"}, {"Title": "Microsoft beats Amazon to win $10bn Pentagon Cloud contract", "Text": "Top Stories: Google tweaks Search to throw more relevant results Facebook begins testing dedicated 'News' tab on its platform Microsoft beats Amazon to win $10bn Pentagon Cloud contract Now AI to give you fashion tips Samsung unveils new flagship processor Exynos 990 Motorola G8 Plus with triple camera now in India Twitter will not join Facebook's Libra: Jack Dorsey Smartphones, TV sales break records in Diwali season Microsoft beats Amazon to win $10bn Pentagon Cloud contract\nIn a shocker to Amazon Founder and CEO Jeff Bezos and his Cloud arm Amazon Web Services (AWS), the US government has awarded the much anticipated $10 billion Cloud contract for Pentagon to Microsoft. Known as the Joint Enterprise Defence Infrastructure (JEDI), the Cloud contract will provide enterprise level, commercial Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Platform as a Service (PaaS) to support Department of Defence business and mission operations, the Department of Defence said in a statement late Friday.\"Microsoft Corporation, Redmond, Washington, has been awarded a firm fixed price, indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity contract with a ceiling value of $10,000,000,000 over a period of 10 years, if all options are exercised,\" the statement added.A The expected completion date of the project is October 24, 2029. The Pentagon selected Microsoft and AWS, cloud computing arm of Amazon, as two finalists for its $10 billion cloud contract, as the earlier contender Oracle missed the bus. The JEDI Cloud computing contract is aimed to bring the entire military under the envelope of a single Cloud provider. Over the last two years, the Department of Defence has awarded more than $11 billion across 10 separate cloud contracts.\"As we continue to execute the DOD Cloud Strategy, additional contracts are planned for both cloud services and complementary migration and integration solutions necessary to achieve effective cloud adoption,\" said DOD. The base contract period is two years with a $1 million guarantee.\"The National Defence Strategy dictates that we must improve the speed and effectiveness with which we develop and deploy modernised technical capabilities to our women and men in uniform,\" said DOD Chief Information Officer Dana Deasy.\"The DOD Digital Modernisation Strategy was created to support this imperative. This award is an important step in execution of the Digital Modernisation Strategy.\" The project saw backlash from several quarters including employees at tech giants like Google and Microsoft, alleging that the \"contract is massive in scope and shrouded in secrecy, which makes it nearly impossible to know what we as workers would be building\". Succumbing to pressure from employees, Google last year dropped its bid to be part of the JEDI contract. It's a key contract for Microsoft as the company battles Amazon for cloud dominance, reports The Verge. US President Donald Trump, who has been a critic of Amazon and Bezos over the company's tax arrangements, even got involved during the bidding process, saying the government was looking at the contract after \"getting enormous complaints\" from competitors to Amazon and Microsoft.", "URL": "https://gadget2.in/TopStories/Microsoft-beats-Amazon-to-win-10bn-Pentagon-Cloud-contract"}, {"Title": "Microsoft beats Amazon to win $10 billion Cloud contract for Pentagon", "Text": "Microsoft beats Amazon to win $10 billion Cloud contract for Pentagon Indo Asian News Service 0\nWashington: In a shocker to Amazon Founder and CEO Jeff Bezos and his Cloud arm Amazon Web Services (AWS), the US government has awarded the much anticipated $10 billion Cloud contract for Pentagon to Microsoft.\nKnown as the Joint Enterprise Defence Infrastructure (JEDI), the Cloud contract will provide enterprise level, commercial Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Platform as a Service (PaaS) to support Department of Defence business and mission operations, the Department of Defence said in a statement late Friday.\n\"Microsoft Corporation, Redmond, Washington, has been awarded a firm fixed price, indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity contract with a ceiling value of $10,000,000,000 over a period of 10 years, if all options are exercised,\" the statement added.A\nThe expected completion date of the project is October 24, 2029.\nThe Pentagon selected Microsoft and AWS, cloud computing arm of Amazon, as two finalists for its $10 billion cloud contract, as the earlier contender Oracle missed the bus.\nThe JEDI Cloud computing contract is aimed to bring the entire military under the envelope of a single Cloud provider.\nOver the last two years, the Department of Defence has awarded more than $11 billion across 10 separate cloud contracts.\n\"As we continue to execute the DOD Cloud Strategy, additional contracts are planned for both cloud services and complementary migration and integration solutions necessary to achieve effective cloud adoption,\" said DOD.\nThe base contract period is two years with a $1 million guarantee.\n\"The National Defence Strategy dictates that we must improve the speed and effectiveness with which we develop and deploy modernised technical capabilities to our women and men in uniform,\" said DOD Chief Information Officer Dana Deasy.\n\"The DOD Digital Modernisation Strategy was created to support this imperative. This award is an important step in execution of the Digital Modernisation Strategy.\"\nThe project saw backlash from several quarters including employees at tech giants like Google and Microsoft, alleging that the \"contract is massive in scope and shrouded in secrecy, which makes it nearly impossible to know what we as workers would be building\".\nSuccumbing to pressure from employees, Google last year dropped its bid to be part of the JEDI contract.\nIt's a key contract for Microsoft as the company battles Amazon for cloud dominance, reports The Verge.\nUS President Donald Trump, who has been a critic of Amazon and Bezos over the company's tax arrangements, even got involved during the bidding process, saying the government was looking at the contract after \"getting enormous complaints\" from competitors to Amazon and Microsoft.", "URL": "https://www.orissapost.com/microsoft-beats-amazon-to-win-10-billion-cloud-contract-for-pentagon/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "Oracle Corporation", "intensity": 39.333333333333336, "score": 58545, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "iboss Appoints Cybersecurity Industry Veteran David DeWalt to Board of Directors", "Text": "iboss Appoints Cybersecurity Industry Veteran David DeWalt to Board of Directors Share Article Cybersecurity Industry Leader David DeWalt Joins iboss as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors Recognized as one of the most successful cybersecurity leaders in the industry, DeWalt brings more than 25 years of experience to iboss Board of Directors. \"David DeWalt's vision in technology and cybersecurity is unparalleled in the industry and aligns perfectly with iboss's vision to completely transform network security from traditional on prem security appliances to cloud security designed to secure devices and users everywhere.\" BOSTON iboss, the leader in cloud security, announced today that David DeWalt, founder of NightDragon Security and former CEO and Chairman of McAfee and FireEye, is joining iboss's Board of Directors. Recognized as one of the most successful cybersecurity leaders in the industry, DeWalt brings more than 25 years of experience to his newest endeavor. DeWalt is known as a revolutionary icon for driving Fortune 1000 companies to their greatest potential. DeWalt joined FireEye in 2012 as CEO and Chairman of the Board where he led the company through rapid growth as it established the market for advanced threat protection. DeWalt served as McAfee President and CEO from April 2007 to May 2012 where he directed the acquisition of McAfee by Intel for $7.7 billion. DeWalt has also held top leadership positions at Quest Software, Segue Technologies, and Oracle Corporation. DeWalt currently serves as Independent Director of Delta Air Lines, Inc. and Managing Director at AllegisCyber, and serves on numerous boards across the technology field including ForeScout Technologies and Optiv. DeWalt was also appointed by President Barack Obama to the National Security Telecommunications Advisory Council (NSTAC). With cybersecurity heading into a cloud first world, this is a strategic time for DeWalt to join iboss. \"David DeWalt's vision in technology and cybersecurity is unparalleled in the industry and aligns perfectly with iboss's vision to completely transform network security from traditional on prem security appliances to cloud security designed to secure devices and users everywhere,\" said Paul Martini, CEO of iboss. \"The cloud has changed everything, not just enabling business but also in protecting it. The security mantra of \"defense in depth\" is severely limited now and vendors and customers alike need to adapt quickly to these changes. iboss can help solve this problem with their next generation cloud first gateway solution,\" said David DeWalt. The iboss platform is natively built for the cloud using a proprietary containerized architecture allowing 100% of all firewall and proxy security functions traditionally found in on prem appliances to transition easily to the cloud. The iboss cloud platform changes the way cloud security is delivered, allowing organizations to migrate from traditional network security appliances to security delivered in the cloud. With mobility, cloud application use and bandwidth use exponentially increasing by the day, using traditional means to secure cloud connectivity with appliances is ineffective as the traditional network perimeter has eroded. The iboss platform is critical to ensure fast and secure connections to cloud applications and enable cloud adoption in a secure and scalable way. The iboss cloud secures Internet access on any device, from any location, in the cloud making the cloud first future a reality. Dave DeWalt will be a fundamental contributor in changing the network security space which is currently transitioning from traditional means of securing devices and users via on prem network security appliances, such as firewalls and proxies, to SaaS delivered cloud security. All applications are moving the cloud allowing users to work from anywhere, including outside the traditional network perimeter. Cloud security moves all security functions from firewalls and proxies to the cloud and delivers these capabilities as a SaaS offering allowing administrators to focus on security and compliance instead of unmanageable network infrastructure. Dave's foundation in cybersecurity combined with network security provides the insight needed as iboss transforms the network security space which is needed to make the cloud driven future a reality. iboss has received many recent accolades including: Cloud Company of the Year, Stratus Awards Winner in four Infosec Award Categories \u2013 Leader Cloud Security, Leader Security Company of the Year, Leader Network Security and Management, and Hot Cloud SaaS/Cloud Security Secure Web Gateway Solution of the Year, Cybersecurity Breakthrough Awards JMP Elite 80 Cloud Security Product of the Year \u2013 Large Enterprises, Computing's Cloud Excellence Awards Cloud Security Innovation, The Golden Bridge Awards Cloud Security Award Winner, IT World Awards Top Five Leaders in Cybersecurity, Industry Leaders About iboss iboss is a cloud security company that provides organizations and their employees secure access to the Internet on any device, from any location, in the cloud. This eliminates the need for traditional security appliances, which are ineffective at protecting a cloud first and mobile world. Leveraging a purpose built cloud architecture backed by over 100 patents and more than 100 points of presence globally, iboss protects more than 4,000 organizations worldwide. To learn more, visit http://www.iboss.com.\nShare article on social media or email:\nView article via:", "URL": "https://www.prweb.com/releases/iboss_appoints_cybersecurity_industry_veteran_david_dewalt_to_board_of_directors/prweb16647871.htm"}, {"Title": "Cloud-based Payroll Software Market Revenue Forecast and Trend analysis by Key Players such as ADP, 1 2 Cloud Payroll Ltd, Ceridian HCM, CloudPay, FinancialForce, IRIS Software Group Ltd., Kronos Incorporated, Oracle Corporation, Sage Group", "Text": "Press Releases Cloud based Payroll Software Market Revenue Forecast and Trend analysis by Key Players such as ADP, 1 2 Cloud Payroll Ltd, Ceridian HCM, CloudPay, FinancialForce, IRIS Software Group Ltd., Kronos Incorporated, Oracle Corporation, Sage Group\nPayroll software organizes, automates, and simplifies complex compensation planning and facilitates managers to increase accuracy, improve budget allocations, and align compensation decisions with organizational guidelines. Enterprises are adopting payroll software to make better compensation decisions while reducing cycle times with accuracy, up to date and auditable processes. Moreover, numerous firms are installing cloud based payroll software as it is economical and improves the efficiency of the compensation and review processes. The cloud based payroll software market is propelled by the ease of system enhancements & updates, secured cloud backup of employee data, and advantages over on premise solutions. However, regulatory compliances and synchronizing domestic HR processes with global HR standards are a major challenge that is anticipated to hinder the market growth to a certain degree.\nRequest Research Sample at https://www.premiummarketinsights.com/sample/TIP00009201\nThe \"Global Cloud based Payroll Software Market Analysis to 2027\" is a specialized and in depth study of the cloud based payroll software market with a focus on the global market trend. The report aims to provide an overview of the global cloud based payroll software market with detailed market segmentation by the organization size, industry vertical, and geography. The global cloud based payroll software market is expected to witness high growth during the forecast period. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the leading market players and offers key trends and opportunities in the cloud based payroll software market.\nThe List of Companies: 2. 1 2 Cloud Payroll Ltd. 3. Ceridian HCM, Inc.", "URL": "https://empowerednews.net/cloud-based-payroll-software-market-revenue-forecast-and-trend-analysis-by-key-players-such-as-adp-1-2-cloud-payroll-ltd-ceridian-hcm-cloudpay-financialforce-iris-software-group-ltd-kronos-inco/181633090/"}, {"Title": "Cloud Monetization Market Top Key Players Are Aria Systems, Inc., Oracle Corporation, Comverse Technology", "Text": "Cloud Monetization Market Top Key Players Are Aria Systems, Inc., Oracle Corporation, Comverse Technology Cloud Monetization Market Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2019 2027\nAlbany, NY ( SBWIRE ) 05/07/2019 Cloud monetization offers a revenue management system for digital service providers by delivering hosted services through the Internet with significant cost benefits and on demand access to any service or resource in any volume. It is used to manage customer relationships, create customer accounts, charge for services, and analyze and collect revenue. Gemalto Inc. offers a Sentinel Cloud, a cloud based licensing and enforcement solution, for cloud monetization. Currently, many enterprises have started investing in cloud services by either subscribing to external public cloud or virtual private cloud services or by running an internal private cloud. Most enterprises prefer the private cloud model for compliance and security purposes. Cloud monetization offers various benefits such as security, scalability, and operational simplicity. It also improves customer retention by delivering flexible monetization cloud billing models. Browse The Report: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cloud monetization market.html The global cloud monetization market is primarily driven by the increase in demand from enterprises for a single bill that includes all cloud services and cloud specific service level agreements (SLAs). Additionally, expansion of managed and professional services for cloud monetization is expected to boost the demand for cloud monetization across the globe. Rise in focus on generating recurring revenue by enterprises is also driving the demand for cloud monetization across the globe. Currently, increase in demand for secure, scalable, and reliable solution for cloud billing is anticipated to boost the demand for cloud monetization globally. Increase in demand for developing long customer relationship by enterprises is another key factor driving the global market. Cloud monetization reduces risk and time by providing simplified and easy to use cloud billing model. This is boosting the demand for cloud object storage globally. Rise in demand for backup and recovery services is another key factor driving the demand for cloud monetization market across the globe. However, high cost of cloud billing model or subscription is estimated to hamper the demand for cloud monetization in the near future. The global cloud monetization market can be segmented based on cloud platform, services, deployment, enterprise size, industry, and region. In terms of cloud platform, the market can be classified into software as a service, infrastructure as a service, and platform as a service. In terms of service, the market can be classified into professional services and maintenance services. The professional services segment can be further classified into support & maintenance, integration & deployment, and consulting. Based on deployment, the cloud monetization market can be bifurcated into cloud based and on premise. The cloud based segment can be further sub segmented into public cloud, private cloud, hybrid cloud, and community cloud. In terms of enterprise size, the market can be divided into small & medium enterprises and large enterprises. In terms of industry, the global cloud monetization market can be segregated into travel & logistics, banking, financial services & insurance (BFSI); healthcare; IT & telecom; e commerce & retail; and manufacturing. Based on region, the global cloud monetization market can be split into Middle East & Africa, Europe, North America, South America, and Asia Pacific. The market in North America is estimated to expand at a substantial pace during the forecast period due to the presence of established vendors of cloud monetization in the region. The cloud monetization market in Asia Pacific is projected to expand at a significant pace during the forecast period. The region is estimated to create attractive opportunities in the cloud monetization market in the near future. Get Sample Copy of this report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=65609 Increase in urbanization and advancement of technologies are propelling the demand for cloud monetization in Asia Pacific. Rise in awareness about the recurring revenue by use of cloud billing is boosting the cloud monetization market in Asia Pacific. Major players operating in the global cloud monetization market include Aria Systems, Inc., Oracle Corporation, Comverse Technology, Inc., AppDirect, Inc., Computer Associates International, Inc., SAP SE, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Cisco Systems, Aspire Systems, and Gemalto Inc. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. Media Relations Contact", "URL": "http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/cloud-monetization-market-top-key-players-are-aria-systems-inc-oracle-corporation-comverse-technology-1212245.htm"}, {"Title": "Cloud-Based Contact Center Market 2019-2023: Sales Revenue, Emerging Audience, Business Trends, Regional Study, Key Players Profiles and Future Prospects", "Text": "Global Cloud Based Contact Center Market is expected to grow from USD 6.47 billion in 2017 to USD 24.11 billion by 2023, at a CAGR of 25% during the forecast period and Cloud Based Contact Center Market Research Report, By Solution (Automatic Call Distribution)\nPune, India September 16, 2019 /MarketersMedia/ \u2014 Cloud Based Contact Center Market Synopsis: The cloud based model has a high demand in contact center market for making connections with the help of social media, email, voice and the Web accessible virtually from any location. Pay per use subscription pricing model for end users, improved business continuity, cloud compliance, and improved integration, and usability drives the cloud based contact center market. However, this market faces some challenges associated with the adoption such as maintaining integration levels and poor IT infrastructure for cloud based contact centers. Cloud based contact center market operates in various verticals such as BFSI, retail, government and public sector, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, media and entertainment, and IT & telecommunication. IT & telecommunication is expected to hold largest market share during forecast period.\nResultantly, the adoption of cloud contact centers is increasing across the industries, and its market is witnessing a considerable rise in the gains. According to Market Research Future (MRFR), the global Cloud Based Contact Center Market would reach a valuation of USD 24.11 BN by 2023, registering a whopping, double digit CAGR of 25% throughout the forecast period (2018 \u2013 2023). In 2017, the market had valued merely at USD 6.47 BN.\nAdditional factors bolstering the market include cloud compliance requirements and the option of pay per use subscription pricing model for end users. IT & telecommunication industry, among other verticals, would hold the largest share in the market. To way to achieve digital transformation is to enhance the customer experience. Since contact centers are the sources to improve customer experience, it is critical to upgrade them.\nRequest a Free Sample @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/6358\nMajor Players: Players leading the cloud based contact center market are 8x8 Inc. (US), NICE Ltd. (Israel), Five9 (US), Genesys (US), Cisco Systems (US), Oracle Corporation (US), Connect First (US), NewVoiceMedia (UK), Extreme Networks, and Aspect Software (US), inContact, Inc. (US), Liveops, Inc. (US), 3CLogic (US), Interlink Network Systems (US), Accurate Always, Inc. (US), KM2 Solutions (US), CCT Solutions (US), and Servion Global Solutions (India), among others.\nCloud Based Contact Center Market Segmentations: For a better understanding, the report has been segmented into six key dynamics: By Solution: Automatic Call Distribution, Agent Performance Optimization, Diallers, Interactive Voice Response, Computer Telephony Integration, Reporting & Analytics, and Security, among others. By Application: Workforce Optimization and Data Integration & Recording, among others. By Vertical: BFSI, IT &Telecomm, Retail, Government & Public Sector, Healthcare & Life Sciences, Media & Entertainment, Manufacturing, among others. By Services: Professional Service and Managed Service. By Organization Size: Large Enterprise and SME. By Deployment Model: Public Cloud, Private Cloud, and Hybrid Cloud.\nCloud Based Contact Center Market Geographical Analysis: North America would retain its dominance over the global cloud based contact center market. Vast advances in technologies led by the well established infrastructures in the region that encourages development and early uptake of advanced technologies drive the regional market.\nAlso, factors such as advancements in the customer experience management, the presence of large operation bases & customer contact centers, and augmenting uptake of cloud based analytics solutions across various industries foster the growth in the regional market.\nThe Asia Pacific cloud based contact center market has been emerging as a lucrative market globally. Factors attributing to the growth in the regional market include massive demand for the deployment of cloud based contact center technologies that can provide comprehensive support and specialty in real time.\nVarious government programs initiated across the APAC countries to encourage technological advancements are expected to support the market to grow at a significant CAGR in the next six years. For instance; a government led program in India called 'Digital India Program' a vision to transform India into a digitally empowered society.\nThe cloud based contact center markets in India and China are growing aggressively due to government efforts to increase the uptake of cloud based contact centers. Furthermore, rising recognition of cloud based solutions, growth, and adoption of promising technologies like the Internet of Things (IoT) are expected to propel the increase in the regional market.\nCloud Based Contact Center Market Competitive Analysis: Highly competitive cloud based contact center market appears to be fragmented owing to the presence of many matured players accounting for a substantial market share. Through strategic initiatives such as acquisition, expansion, and product/technology launch, these players try to gain a competitive advantage in this market. They invest substantially in R&D to develop an entirely different technology compared to their competition.\nCurrent trends in the market are usages of chatbots & artificial intelligence and increasing dependence on interactive voice response (IVR). Following these trends, many players incorporated chat bots & artificial intelligence to their solutions to increase their enterprise value in the market.\nAccess Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/cloud based contact center market 6358\nIndustry/Innovation/Related News: June 16, 2019 Talkdesk (the US), a cloud based contact center, and artificial intelligence software provider launched Talkdesk Boost, a new way to accelerate corporate digital transformation. Unveiled at Customer Contact Week in Las Vegas, the 'Talkdesk Boost' enhances agent productivity, operational agility, and customer experience by augmenting existing voice systems with AI infused, cloud based contact center applications. Talkdesk Boost enables agents to do more with minimal disruption, while also being able to yield business results.\nAbout Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.\nContact Info:", "URL": "https://marketersmedia.com/cloud-based-contact-center-market-2019-2023-sales-revenue-emerging-audience-business-trends-regional-study-key-players-profiles-and-future-prospects/88919032"}, {"Title": "Cloud Supply Chain Management Market 2019 Size, Competitors Strategy, Regional Analysis and Industry Growth by Forecast to 2021", "Text": "Tweet Cloud Supply Chain Management Market 2019 Size, Competitors Strategy, Regional Analysis and Industry Growth by Forecast to 2021 The report on the Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market covers Industry Size, market valuation by segmentation as well as region, historical trends, dynamics, country level analysis for every segment, key Vendors share analysis, competitive landsca 28, 2019 ) The cloud Supply Chain Management (SCM) is a cloud suite that regulates supply chain operations and governance, in the most optimal form. Factors such as increasing adoption of cloud based SCM in transportation management and the increasing need of demand management solutions among enterprises are creating a huge demand for the cloud SCM market, across the globe. The cloud SCM market size is estimated to grow from USD 3.26 billion in 2016 to USD 8.07 billion by 2021, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 19.8% during the forecast period.Browse 64 market data tables and 55 figures spread through 146 pages and in depth TOC on Cloud Supply Chain Management Market by Solution (Transportation Management, Procurement & Sourcing, Sales & Operation Planning, and Inventory & Warehouse Management), Service, Deployment, Organization Size, Vertical, and Region Global Forecast to 2021\"Early buyers will receive 10% customization on reports.The major vendors providing cloud SCM are SAP SE (Walldorf, Germany), Oracle Corporation(California, U.S.), Infor, Inc.(New York, U.S.), JDA Software Group, Inc. (Arizona, U.S.), Descartes Systems Group, Inc. (Ontario, Canada), Manhattan Associates, Inc. (Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.), Logility, Inc.(Atlanta, Georgia U.S.), Kewill, Inc. (Massachusetts, U.S.), Kinaxis, Inc. (Ontario, Canada), HighJump (Minnesota, U.S.), TECSYS, Inc. (Montreal, Canada), and CloudLogix (Colorado, U.S.).The inventory and warehouse management solution among cloud SCM solutions is projected to grow at the highest rate during the forecast period, as it enables daily operations in a warehouse and the centralized management of tasks, such as inventory control, tracking, and the location of stock items. The demand for inventory and warehouse management solutions is increasing due to benefits offered, such as faster inventory movement, efficient use of warehouse space, and reduced inventory paperwork.The Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR in the cloud SCM market during the forecast period. SMEs face many challenges, such as limited budgets, technical expertise, and scalability. Thus, to overcome these challenges, SMEs are rapidly adopting cloud SCM services, as they offer increased agility and improved efficiency.Request PDF Brochure @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/speaktoanalystNew.asp?id=39285453 The hybrid cloud deployment model is expected to gain the highest traction in the cloud SCM market during the forecast period. Hybrid cloud provides enterprises with more control, reduced risk, cost efficiency, and better performance. Additionally, it provides an ideal combination of public cloud and private cloud features, such as usage friendly, versatility, & cost effectiveness of the former, and greater control & security of the latter. Given this huge advantage, organizations are rapidly shifting their focus towards hybrid cloud adoption.The retail and wholesale sector is expected to grow at the highest CAGR in the cloud SCM market during the forecast period. To ensure seamless operations, the retailers and wholesalers are upgrading the traditional SCM systems by embracing cloud SCM solutions. With the help of this adoption, retailers can gain useful visibility & track inventory throughout the entire lifecycle, ensuring agility and profitability, by serving the increasingly demanding consumers.Asia Pacific (APAC) is expected to be the fastest growing region in the cloud SCM market during the forecast period. This region offers potential growth opportunities, due to improvement in infrastructure, business strategic moves, and emergence of new technologies, combined with the growing business needs.North America is expected to contribute the largest market share, Asia Pacific (APAC) to grow the fastestNorth America is expected to hold the largest market share and dominate the cloud SCM market from 2016 to 2021, owing to the availability of proficient technical expertise, large investments in Research & Development (R&D), early adoption of new & emerging technologies, and presence of large number of players in this region. The APAC region is in the initial growth phase; however, it is the fastest growing region in the global cloud SCM market. The key reasons for the high growth rate in APAC include increased spending on IT infrastructure, rising cloud based applications, and growing demand for automation of processes in this region.Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud supply chain management market 39285453.html About MarketsandMarketsMarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their pain points around revenues decisions.Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.MarketsandMarketss flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.Contact:", "URL": "https://www.emailwire.com/release/1104203-Cloud-Supply-Chain-Management-Market-2019-Size-Competitors-Strategy-Regional-Analysis-and-Industry-Growth-by-Forecast-to-2021.html"}, {"Title": "Cloud Manufacturing 2019 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 23% and Forecast to 2023", "Text": " Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.) DXC Technology (U.S.) VMware, Inc. (U.S.) Oracle Corporation (U.S.)\nThe global Cloud Manufacturing market is likely to exhibit steady growth over the forecast period, according to the latest report on Wise Guy Research (WGR). The global Cloud Manufacturing market's major drivers and restraints are analyzed in the report, which provides readers with a clear picture of what's driving and what's holding back the Cloud Manufacturing market. The historical trajectory of the Cloud Manufacturing market is examined in the report in order to provide a basis for predictions regarding the market's growth rate over the forecast period. Happenings in the Cloud Manufacturing market in the review period are examined carefully to explain their connection with the market's present state and future growth prospects.\nThe leading players operating in the Cloud Manufacturing market are also studied in the report to provide readers with a comprehensive overview of the competitive landscape in the market. The major strategies used by leading players in the Cloud Manufacturing market are studied in the report to provide readers with an idea of what works and what doesn't, in the Cloud Manufacturing market. Individual players are analyzed in detail in the report in order to elaborate on their regional presence and product catalog, providing a clear overview of each major player operating in the Cloud Manufacturing market.\nSolid, industry standard analysis tools such as SWOT analysis and Porter's Five Forces analysis are used the detail the present condition in the Cloud Manufacturing market. A detailed analysis of the market's likely growth trajectory over the forecast period is presented on the basis of this analysis, which includes historical information regarding the Cloud Manufacturing market. A complete picture of the Cloud Manufacturing market's movement through the recent past and likely movement in the coming years is provided in the report.\nThe regional distribution of the Cloud Manufacturing market is also discussed in the report, and detailed analyses are provided for the market's segment in each major region. The key regional markets are profiled to give players an idea of where each region is soaring and what needs attention in specific markets. Region specific strategies and product formulations can be based on this detailed analysis, as the factors making the market tick in specific regions are analyzed in the report, leading to a comprehensive understanding of the market.\nEnquiry About Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/3496534 cloud manufacturing market research report forecast to 2023\nTable Of Contents \u2013 Major Key Points\n1 Executive Summary\n2 Scope Of The Report\n3 Market Research Methodology\n5 Industry Overview Of Global Cloud Manufacturing Market\n6 Market Trends\n7. Global Cloud Manufacturing Market By Component\nContinued \nABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of market research reports under these categories and sub categories.\nContact Info:", "URL": "https://marketersmedia.com/cloud-manufacturing-2019-global-market-expected-to-grow-at-cagr-23-and-forecast-to-2023/88919790"}, {"Title": "Global Cloud-Based Payroll Software Market Anticipated for Progressive CAGR Growth During to 2024", "Text": "Global Cloud Based Payroll Software market report announced the industry principles: definitions, classes, market and applications review; commodity specifications; procedures; cost arrangements, garbage and so forth. Cloud Based BriefingWire.com , 11/05/2019 Global Cloud Based Payroll Software market 2019 report profit smartly substantial competitor info, investigation, and tips to invent effective RD plans and identify emerging players with the potentially robust solution portfolio and make effective Cloud Based Payroll Software counter strategies to acquire a competitive edge. The report explains potential new customers or spouses at the target market, develop tactical efforts by understanding the attention Cloud Based Payroll Software aspects of leading businesses, plan mergers and acquisitions effortlessly by pinpointing key players.\nGlobal Cloud Based Payroll Software market report announced the industry principles: definitions, classes, market and applications review; commodity specifications; procedures; cost arrangements, garbage and so forth.\nGet Free Sample Report PDF Of The Report @ http://futuristicreports.com/report/request sample/1550\nCloud Based Payroll Software market Segmentations:\nMajor Important Players are analyzed from the Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Industry Report:\nCriterion Software, Zenefits Software, Paycom Software Inc., BambooHR Software, Kronos Incorporated, Sage HRMS Software, FinancialForce Software, Ascentis HR Software, ADP Inc., Vibe HCM Software, PDS Vista HRMS, Oracle Corporation, Iris Software Group Limited\nSegmentation by type:", "URL": "https://www.briefingwire.com/pr/global-cloud-based-payroll-software-market-anticipated-for-progressive-cagr-growth-during-to-2024"}, {"Title": "Best cloud databases of 2019", "Text": "Databases have become an essential part of IT services, as the powerhouse for storing and retrieving data. There are different ways in which data can be recorded though, depending on how the different information you want to use is intended to be cross referenced.\nTraditionally the most common form of database was a relational one, as used in Microsoft Access and it's more powerful big brother, MySQL. In these sort of databases there is a direct relationship between the different points of data, arrange in columns and rows.\nHowever, these days non relational databases have become more common, in which data is stored without explicit structure and mechanisms to link it. These have become more in demand for business intelligence, which seeks to connect underlying trends which might be otherwise hidden.\nWhichever types of database you need, most providers offer the choice of different database formats to use as required. Here we'll look at the best of them. Want your company or services to be added to this buyer's guide? Please email your request to desire.athow@futurenet.com with the URL of the buying guide in the subject line.\n(Image credit: Amazon) 1. Amazon Relational Database\nMake use of AWS's processing power to run your database, if you have the skills\n750 hours free\nSupports multiple DB types\nAdvanced users only\nAmazon Web Services (AWS) is a subsidiary of Amazon.com, founded in 2006. It provides on demand cloud computing to individuals and businesses.\nAWS is a cloud based program for building business solutions using integrated web services. They give users access to a wide range of cloud services such as content delivery and database storage.\nAmazon Relational Database is a Database as a Service (DBaaS). It is suitable for experienced data users, data scientists and database administrators. This is a good choice for developers already familiar with AWS services. Users need to contact a Database Administrator to get setup as the process is technically involved.\nUsers can build databases specifically geared around their needs. You can create templates or write code. Users can control the type of database, as well as where data is stored. Specific database formats that are supported include Amazon Aurora, PostgreSQL, MySQL, MariaDB, Oracle Database, and SQL Server.\nThe service offers 750 free hours. There is a price calculator online to help calculate AWS costs but this is tricky to figure out. Users can get assistance from their database administrator.\nAWS has three different pricing models; 'Pay as you Go', 'Save when you reserve' and 'Pay less using more'.\nHowever, AWS provides a free tier. This offers users certain services for 12 months. After that, you have to choose to sign up for any of the plans above or to cancel your AWS subscription. You must have an existing AWS subscription to access the Amazon Relational Database Service.\n(Image credit: Microsoft) 2. Microsoft Azure SQL Database\nTry Azure for a year free of charge to see if it's right for you\n12 months free\nPay as you go\nSome support issues\nMicrosoft Azure was created by Microsoft to build, test, deploy and manage applications and services though their data centres. It was released in 2010.\nMicrosoft Azure not only offers database as a service but also platform as a service, software as a service and infrastructure as a service. With Azure, clients can use the services purely on the cloud or it can be combined with any existing applications, data centre or infrastructure you may already have in place.\nAzure's SQL database has the familiar look and feel of Microsoft. It has a strong SQL engine compatibility and machine learning. The service offers all SQL tools and applications needed for creating a database. It's easy to use.\nMicrosoft Azure SQL database has an online portal with access to everything you need. Setup is quick and painless but users need to have a Microsoft account to get started.\nSubscribers can use the 'Connection Libraries' to choose which operating drivers they want to connect. From here you can also choose your preferred language settings, database name, identify a source and a price tier.\nAzure offer users 12 months of free usage. This includes $200 credit and more than 25 'Always free' services. The platform works on a 'Pay as you go' subscription so you only pay for what you use.\nOnline commentators have reported some issues with support.\n(Image credit: Oracle)\nChoose Oracle for a simple database setup with secure encryption\nEasy maintenance\nSecure encryption\nSome support issues\nOracle Cloud Database is part of Oracle Cloud, which belongs to the Oracle Corporation, founded in 1977.\nOracle Cloud Platform works as a combination of open source technology and Oracle technology. This enable users to more efficiently build, deploy, integrate and manage all of your platform applications.\nThe solution uses a mixture of machine learning and AI to provide a service that offers self repairing abilities. It also reduces business start up costs and offers predictive insights.\nOracle Database as a Service supports any size enterprise. It provides a high level of encryption which spans multiple layers.\nThe database can be setup in a matter of minutes and is simple to navigate. Users can add 'on capacity demand' so as they grow they can increase in scale.\nAll of your data and applications can be integrated. The solution enables the user to migrate all processes to the cloud. Everything is managed via a single platform. All data is encrypted by default.\nOracle Cloud Platform claims their solution does everything for you. This saves time on repetitive tasks such as system maintenance, deploying solutions and necessary updates.\nThe platform comes with a 30 day free trial which includes $300 credit and up to 3,500 hours. There is a 'Pay as you Go' tier or a 'Monthly Flex' plan. With the 'Flex' plan users commit to a monthly amount in cloud services with a contract ranging from 1 7 years. In order to sign up for either of the above, users will need to contact Oracle directly.\nUsers have reported some issues with customer support.\n(Image credit: SAP)\nSap is a highly customizable cloud platform offering simple database migration\nFree trial\nEasy migration\nRelatively expensive\nSAP Cloud Platform is a platform as a service developed by SAP SE. It creates new applications in a secure cloud environment. It was founded in 2012.\nThe platform includes the in memory SAP HANA database management system. It connects both on premises and cloud based systems running SAP or other third party software.\nSAP Cloud Platform is geared towards larger enterprises with huge amounts of data sets. The system is generally straight forward to setup and will guide you through the process step by step.\nUse the 'Data and Storage' option to choose which database management systems you want to use. You can also choose the type of data migration.\nSAP offer users a free trial. There are two commercial pricing plans to choose from. Sap have created a PDF with all their prices clearly explained.\nOnline commentators have complained that SAP is not as competitively priced as other providers.\n(Image credit: Rackspace)\nRackspace is highly customizable, with support for any cloud model or database\nSupports multiple DB types\nExcellent customer support\nLittle documentation\nRackspace Cloud is a set of cloud computing products from the US company Rackspace. It was founded in 2006. The solution offers web application hosting, platform as a services and cloud services amongst others.\nRacksapce allows you to choose a cloud provider with which you can then interact via Rackspace's platform. The service has partnered with major cloud providers such as Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services and WMware. The advantage of this system is that you have the scalability of some of the biggest cloud providers around but with the customer support of a smaller company.\nRackspace offers a wide range of cloud services. These include public cloud, private cloud, hybrid cloud and multi cloud. When it comes to their IaaS and DBaaS solutions, Rackspace now builds entirely on the open source OpenStack cloud operating system.\nCloud Databases gives users simple, on demand provisioned and open API's. Users can deploy MySQL, Persona Server or MariaDB.\nRackspace Cloud databases allow users to add or remove replicas, move between instances sizes up to 64GB RAM and scale storage up to 1TB.\nUsers can schedule backups and restores. The platform offers container based isolation for near bare metal performance.\nThe platform offers 24/7 support with databases specialists available to assist with any query.\nYou can sign up to Rackspace for free which includes a technical account manager, security guidance and free server monitoring and reporting. Rackspace has an in depth guide into their prices. This way you can pick the package that best suits your needs.\nUsers have mentioned issues with documentation but this is balanced out by excellent service support.\n(Image credit: Image Credit: Pixabay) Other cloud databases to consider\nThere's been a profusion in the number of cloud platforms in recent years, offered by a large range of companies. As database driven software remains the norm, it remains key to ensure whichever cloud platform option you take that it can probably support your database types and size, and properly integrate with other IT infrastructure, not least monitoring for security or errors. Here we'll briefly cover some additional cloud database options worth looking at as well:\nIBM Db2 on Cloud is just one of the service offerings from service giant IBM, as part of its comprehensive cloud management platform. IBM's Db2 on Cloud is a fully managed SQL database that runs in the cloud. It's quick and easy to set up and allows for flexible scaling, so you only need to pay for what you actually use in terms of resources. Security patching it automated, and it's easy to retrieve datasets as and when you need to look at them. Db2 on Cloud can also be set up on a private VPN.\nZoho Creator is something a little different \u2013 it's not so much a cloud database management platform as much as an easy way to build your own database in the cloud. This is especially useful for smaller companies who might want to build their own apps but would otherwise find a big name cloud management package overkill. It runs through a simple drag and drop interface which allows full customization, and as part of the Zoho suite of apps means it will easily integrate with other Zoho products.\nCouchbase is also a little different in that it allows you to build your own databases running N1QL, which allows for far more complex data storage than MySQL normally allows. This means being able to build databases in the cloud which are layered and works better for JSON. Additionally, it has built in analytics, easy replication, and enterprise grade security. So if you require a more innovative database platform with the flexibility of NoSQL, Couchbase may be worth looking at.\nMongoDB Atlas is an automated cloud service that makes it much easier to manage databases in the cloud, allowing users to focus on application development instead. It offers global support for over 60 cloud regions and comes with distributed fault tolerance along with backup options to ensure business continuity. On demand scaling, resource optimization, and fully automated structure provisioning means that MongoDB could be particularly attractive for innovative enterprise.\nGoogle Cloud Database Services comes as part of Google's cloud platform services, and is the last of the big name cloud providers we'll mention here. There are a lot of options for users to choose from, not relational vs non relational ones. The Cloud SQL option provides managed support for PostgreSQL & MySQL, while the BigTable option provides a petabyte scale, fully managed NoSQL database service for large analytical and operational workloads.", "URL": "http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/techradar/world-of-tech/~3/KmZoTRsNDtc/best-cloud-database/"}, {"Title": "Cloud-Based Contact Center 2019-2023: Key Findings, Emerg", "Text": "\"Cloud Based Contact Center Market\" Global Cloud Based Contact Center Market is expected to grow from USD 6.47 billion in 2017 to USD 24.11 billion by 2023, at a CAGR of 25% during the forecast period and Cloud Based Contact Center Market Research Report, By Solution (Automatic Call Distribution, Agent Performance Optimization). Cloud Based Contact Center Market Synopsis:\nThe cloud based model has a high demand in contact center market for making connections with the help of social media, email, voice and the Web accessible virtually from any location. Pay per use subscription pricing model for end users, improved business continuity, cloud compliance, and improved integration, and usability drives the cloud based contact center market.\nHowever, this market faces some challenges associated with the adoption such as maintaining integration levels and poor IT infrastructure for cloud based contact centers. Cloud based contact center market operates in various verticals such as BFSI, retail, government and public sector, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, media and entertainment, and IT & telecommunication. IT & telecommunication is expected to hold largest market share during forecast period.\nRequest a Free Sample @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/6358\nMajor Key Players:\nThe prominent players in cloud based contact center market are NICE Ltd. (Israel), 8\u00d78 Inc. (US), Five9 (US), Cisco Systems (US), Genesys (US), Oracle Corporation (US), NewVoiceMedia (UK), Connect First (US), Aspect Software (US), and Extreme Networks among others.\nOther players in Cloud Based Contact Center Market are Liveops, Inc. (US), inContact, Inc.(US), 3CLogic (US), Accurate Always, Inc.(US), Interlink Network Systems (US), KM2 Solutions (US), Servion Global Solutions (India), and CCT Solutions (US) among others.\nSegmentation:\nBy mode of solution, the global cloud based contact center market has been segmented into agent performance optimization, automatic call distribution, interactive voice response, dialers, reporting and analytics, computer telephony integration, security, and others. By mode of services, the global cloud based contact center market has been segmented into managed service and professional service. By mode of organization size, the global cloud based contact center market has been segmented into large enterprise and SME. By mode of deployment model, the global cloud based contact center market has been segmented into private cloud, public cloud, and hybrid cloud. By mode of vertical, the global cloud based contact center market has been segmented into retail, BFSI, healthcare & life sciences, government & public sector, media & entertainment, manufacturing, IT & telecommunication, and others. Among these, the IT & telecom sector is considered to occupy the largest market share. With advancements in technology coupled with the growing adoption of modern connectivity systems, the demand for communication services in retail, automotive, government services, energy and power, IT sector, and other industries employing the technology, has seen an incremental growth in the past few years. Regional Analysis:\nThe global market for cloud based contact center is estimated to grow at a significant rate during the forecast period from 2018 to 2023. The geographical analysis of cloud base contact center market is studied for North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the rest of the world.\nNorth America is expected to dominate the cloud based contact center market during the forecast period. The US is the major contributor to the North American market due to presence of many global players and high adoption of cloud services. Increasing rate of innovation in North American market is accelerating the rate of adoption of cloud based contact centers. Outsourcing management and expertise is gaining pace, as organizations in this region are looking to stay focused on their core businesses. Latin America and Middle East & Africa (LMEA) is expected to grow steadily due to the increasing trends of cloud services.\nEurope is expected grow at a stable rate during the forecast period. Presence of huge car manufacturing sector and healthcare industries drives the cloud based contact center market in Europe. Asia Pacific is expected grow at a faster rate during the forecast period due to presence of many IT & telecommunication companies. Due to increasing adoption of electronic devices as well as huge investment in R&D by China and Japan drives the cloud based contact center market during the forecast period.\nTable of Contents\n1 Executive Summary\n2 Scope of The Report\n2.1 Market Definition\n2.2 Scope of The Study\n2.2.1 Research Objectives\n2.2.2 Assumptions & Limitations\n2.3 Markets Structure\nContinued \nAccess Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/cloud based contact center market 6358\nList of Tables\nTable1 Global Cloud Based Contact Center Market, By Region, 2018\u20132023\nTable2 North America: Cloud Based Contact Center Market, By Country, 2018\u20132023\nTable3 Europe: Cloud Based Contact Center Market, By Country, 2018\u20132023\nContinued \nList of Figures\nFigure 1 Global Cloud Based Contact Center Market Segmentation\nFigure 2 Research Methodology\nFigure 3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis of Global Cloud Based Contact Center Market\nContinued \nAbout Market Research Future:\nAt Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.\n Market Research Future\nContact Person: Abhishek Sawant\n +1 646 845 9312\nAddress: Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar\n https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/cloud based contact center market 6358\n Cloud Based Contact Center Market 2019 2023: Key Findings, Emerging Audience, Business Trends, Regional Study, Key Players Profiles and Future Prospects", "URL": "http://www.valleyscw.com/story/40891883/cloud-based-contact-center-market-2019-2023-key-findings-emerging-audience-business-trends-regional-study-key-players-profiles-and-future-prospects"}, {"Title": "EXCLUSIVE \u2013 5th Annual Singapore OpenGov Leadership Forum 2019 \u2013 Cloud & Data Analytics", "Text": "40 VIEWS On 16 th May 2019, over 350 government officials and industry leaders across the world gathered for a discussion on digital transformation in the public sector and financial services institutions (FSI). Taking place at Marina Bay Sands Singapore, this year marks the 5 th Annual Singapore OpenGov Leadership Forum. The day was filled with stimulating round table discussions as well as innovative gamification methods, engaging panels and insightful talks by local and international leaders in public sector ICT. The day was divided into 2 major session. The morning plenary had focused talks from international speakers, , four rounds of OpenGov Gamification Table (OGT) discussions and a panel. Coverage of the Keynote Presentations can be found here. The post plenary afternoon session has delegates separate in one of four tracks of their choosing. Coverage of Track 1, Track 2, Track and Track 4 can be found by clicking on the individual tracks. Track 3: Cloud & Data Analytics\nTrack 3 focused on Cloud & Data Analytics. In particular, the cloud and its use to gain intelligent insights. Martyn Wallace explains his Solutionising concept Martyn Wallace, Chief Digital Officer, Scottish Local Government Digital Office and ranked 25 in CIO100 2019, shared Scotland's approach to design thinking. For a successful data strategy, the first step is understanding the landscape before trying to hastily and carelessly tackle any problems. Only after thorough research, should one move to the next step \u2013 \"solutionising\" \u2013 a word he has coined and trademarked. Wallace also shared his three pronged approach \u2013 Shape, Shift, Share \u2013 which would revolutionise and change an organisation's data journey. Nathan shares Oracle's cloud secret: simplicity Nathan Cook, Senior Executive, National Security Innovator EMEA & JAPAC at Oracle Corporation delivered his talk on data security. He stressed how much the online landscape has changed compared to years ago. Further, changes are happening faster as technology improves. Thus, the need to adapt to that shift is imperative. The simplicity of Oracle Corporation derives from the fact that it is the exact same technology on premises and in the cloud. This ensures users do not have to build and integrate the cloud \u2013 they can just use it. Geoff sharing the Australian data journey Geoff Neideck, Senior Executive, Data Strategies and IT Group at the Australian Institute of Health and Welfare, underlined the importance of public data in the Australian government. Designing of a data strategy for a nation is a complex, comprehensive task that needs long term thinking. Planning goes beyond technology into privacy, compliance, security and efficiencies. Executives need to understand the entire landscape and future needs when contemplating a data stratey. Data agreements, data assets, legislation and governance are essential to creating an efficient and sophisticated infrastructure for a national data system. Shao Horng on why Cloud in an enabler of business Shao Horng Yong, Customer Engineer, Public Sector at Google Cloud Platform addressed the concern that businesses feel restricted by the cloud. He opined that not only was cloud not restrictive but if deployed correctly, it can provide businesses with the freedom to build the best technology and stay competitive. He emphasized the ease and consistency of a multi cloud system. His experiences have shown that a multi cloud approach can often take care of the challenges customers may have been facing. Susan expounding the benefits of data sharing Susan Middleditch, Deputy Secretary, Corporate and Regulatory Services at Victoria Police talked about how Victorian communities can benefit from the sharing of data.\nWhen data is shared correctly in a timely and secure fashion, it serves a range of purposes and functions. Using good citizen data from varied sources, the government is able to make informed decisions on policy, service planning and design. A good public policy, driven by data sharing and data analytics, would result in better outcomes for citizens. Paul explaining the benefits if public private cloud mix Paul Serrano, Chief Evangelist APJ at Nutanix spoke on \"Accelerating the Business of Enterprise \u2013 Weaponised Innovation and Technology\". He noted that the best of both worlds could be achieved with a combination of public and private clouds. The ease of the public cloud combined with the security and control of a private cloud can be an excellent solution. A hybrid cloud can deliver advanced networking and security services, providing visibility into the network, application centric protection from network threats, and the automation of common networking operations. Eric: \"A cloud is not a cloud unless it's successful.\" From the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Professor Eric Tsui underlined cloud as an intelligent knowledge centre. He presented some of the benefits of cloud computing, including the standardisation of tools and processes as well as the lower risk and reduced latency. He predicted that in 2020 that there will be 70 billion connected people and machines. The disruptive capabilities of the cloud and its ability to problem solve are tremendous. None the less, he emphasises, \"A cloud is not a cloud unless it's successful!\" Adapting the newest digital disruptors is critical! Keith Sng, Solution Engineering Manager for Southeast Asia and Korea, Veeam, discussed the importance for businesses and IT infrastructure to adapt to the newest digital disruptors. The characteristics of data, in terms of the value, rate, and scope and location are changing. Five parts \u2013 backup, visibility, activation, orchestration, and automation \u2013 can be looked towards to ensure that data remains protected, portable, and available, regardless of the cloud technologies and platforms they choose to adopt. An informative panel discussion followed on the topic of \"Cloud is the enabler for the Future of Analytics\". Moderated by Klaus Felsche, Senior Advisor at OpenGov Asia, this session delved deep into cloud technology. The discussion was fruitful and rich with varying thoughts and experiences. Kiyoung Lee, Executive Principal Researcher at National Information Society Agency of the Government of South Korea, stated that obstacles faced when the cloud include the presence of silos and the lack of eagerness to share data. This reluctance to share is may be due to the unwillingness to take responsibility for that data. Ronnie Brown, Chief Digital Officer at DirectAsia Insurance posited that many companies are good at sharing data internally, but not so much externally. Later, Kiyoung shared that the data cloud in South Korea mainly focuses on infrastructure and less on data sharing. This is thought to benefit groups of people and does not violate anyone's privacy. Ritesh Varma, Global Head, Business Consulting at Newgen Software shared his experience working with Saudi Arabia and how data does not leave the country. The cloud is almost seen as the answer to everything, but what happens when the cloud goes down? Andrus Kaarelson, Director of State Information System at the Republic of Estonia noted that the answer to this question is infrastructure. To sum up the discussion, Klaus highlighted the idea of data sovereignty. Headaches start when it comes to data, more specifically, where it is housed and who is looking after it. Next Post", "URL": "https://www.opengovasia.com/exclusive-5th-annual-singapore-opengov-leadership-forum-2019-cyber-resilience-2/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "Oracle Corporation", "intensity": 39.333333333333336, "score": 58545, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "iboss Appoints Cybersecurity Industry Veteran David DeWalt to Board of Directors", "Text": "iboss Appoints Cybersecurity Industry Veteran David DeWalt to Board of Directors Share Article Cybersecurity Industry Leader David DeWalt Joins iboss as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors Recognized as one of the most successful cybersecurity leaders in the industry, DeWalt brings more than 25 years of experience to iboss Board of Directors. \"David DeWalt's vision in technology and cybersecurity is unparalleled in the industry and aligns perfectly with iboss's vision to completely transform network security from traditional on prem security appliances to cloud security designed to secure devices and users everywhere.\" BOSTON iboss, the leader in cloud security, announced today that David DeWalt, founder of NightDragon Security and former CEO and Chairman of McAfee and FireEye, is joining iboss's Board of Directors. Recognized as one of the most successful cybersecurity leaders in the industry, DeWalt brings more than 25 years of experience to his newest endeavor. DeWalt is known as a revolutionary icon for driving Fortune 1000 companies to their greatest potential. DeWalt joined FireEye in 2012 as CEO and Chairman of the Board where he led the company through rapid growth as it established the market for advanced threat protection. DeWalt served as McAfee President and CEO from April 2007 to May 2012 where he directed the acquisition of McAfee by Intel for $7.7 billion. DeWalt has also held top leadership positions at Quest Software, Segue Technologies, and Oracle Corporation. DeWalt currently serves as Independent Director of Delta Air Lines, Inc. and Managing Director at AllegisCyber, and serves on numerous boards across the technology field including ForeScout Technologies and Optiv. DeWalt was also appointed by President Barack Obama to the National Security Telecommunications Advisory Council (NSTAC). With cybersecurity heading into a cloud first world, this is a strategic time for DeWalt to join iboss. \"David DeWalt's vision in technology and cybersecurity is unparalleled in the industry and aligns perfectly with iboss's vision to completely transform network security from traditional on prem security appliances to cloud security designed to secure devices and users everywhere,\" said Paul Martini, CEO of iboss. \"The cloud has changed everything, not just enabling business but also in protecting it. The security mantra of \"defense in depth\" is severely limited now and vendors and customers alike need to adapt quickly to these changes. iboss can help solve this problem with their next generation cloud first gateway solution,\" said David DeWalt. The iboss platform is natively built for the cloud using a proprietary containerized architecture allowing 100% of all firewall and proxy security functions traditionally found in on prem appliances to transition easily to the cloud. The iboss cloud platform changes the way cloud security is delivered, allowing organizations to migrate from traditional network security appliances to security delivered in the cloud. With mobility, cloud application use and bandwidth use exponentially increasing by the day, using traditional means to secure cloud connectivity with appliances is ineffective as the traditional network perimeter has eroded. The iboss platform is critical to ensure fast and secure connections to cloud applications and enable cloud adoption in a secure and scalable way. The iboss cloud secures Internet access on any device, from any location, in the cloud making the cloud first future a reality. Dave DeWalt will be a fundamental contributor in changing the network security space which is currently transitioning from traditional means of securing devices and users via on prem network security appliances, such as firewalls and proxies, to SaaS delivered cloud security. All applications are moving the cloud allowing users to work from anywhere, including outside the traditional network perimeter. Cloud security moves all security functions from firewalls and proxies to the cloud and delivers these capabilities as a SaaS offering allowing administrators to focus on security and compliance instead of unmanageable network infrastructure. Dave's foundation in cybersecurity combined with network security provides the insight needed as iboss transforms the network security space which is needed to make the cloud driven future a reality. iboss has received many recent accolades including: Cloud Company of the Year, Stratus Awards Winner in four Infosec Award Categories \u2013 Leader Cloud Security, Leader Security Company of the Year, Leader Network Security and Management, and Hot Cloud SaaS/Cloud Security Secure Web Gateway Solution of the Year, Cybersecurity Breakthrough Awards JMP Elite 80 Cloud Security Product of the Year \u2013 Large Enterprises, Computing's Cloud Excellence Awards Cloud Security Innovation, The Golden Bridge Awards Cloud Security Award Winner, IT World Awards Top Five Leaders in Cybersecurity, Industry Leaders About iboss iboss is a cloud security company that provides organizations and their employees secure access to the Internet on any device, from any location, in the cloud. This eliminates the need for traditional security appliances, which are ineffective at protecting a cloud first and mobile world. Leveraging a purpose built cloud architecture backed by over 100 patents and more than 100 points of presence globally, iboss protects more than 4,000 organizations worldwide. To learn more, visit http://www.iboss.com.\nShare article on social media or email:\nView article via:", "URL": "https://www.prweb.com/releases/iboss_appoints_cybersecurity_industry_veteran_david_dewalt_to_board_of_directors/prweb16647871.htm"}, {"Title": "Cloud-based Payroll Software Market Revenue Forecast and Trend analysis by Key Players such as ADP, 1 2 Cloud Payroll Ltd, Ceridian HCM, CloudPay, FinancialForce, IRIS Software Group Ltd., Kronos Incorporated, Oracle Corporation, Sage Group", "Text": "Press Releases Cloud based Payroll Software Market Revenue Forecast and Trend analysis by Key Players such as ADP, 1 2 Cloud Payroll Ltd, Ceridian HCM, CloudPay, FinancialForce, IRIS Software Group Ltd., Kronos Incorporated, Oracle Corporation, Sage Group\nPayroll software organizes, automates, and simplifies complex compensation planning and facilitates managers to increase accuracy, improve budget allocations, and align compensation decisions with organizational guidelines. Enterprises are adopting payroll software to make better compensation decisions while reducing cycle times with accuracy, up to date and auditable processes. Moreover, numerous firms are installing cloud based payroll software as it is economical and improves the efficiency of the compensation and review processes. The cloud based payroll software market is propelled by the ease of system enhancements & updates, secured cloud backup of employee data, and advantages over on premise solutions. However, regulatory compliances and synchronizing domestic HR processes with global HR standards are a major challenge that is anticipated to hinder the market growth to a certain degree.\nRequest Research Sample at https://www.premiummarketinsights.com/sample/TIP00009201\nThe \"Global Cloud based Payroll Software Market Analysis to 2027\" is a specialized and in depth study of the cloud based payroll software market with a focus on the global market trend. The report aims to provide an overview of the global cloud based payroll software market with detailed market segmentation by the organization size, industry vertical, and geography. The global cloud based payroll software market is expected to witness high growth during the forecast period. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the leading market players and offers key trends and opportunities in the cloud based payroll software market.\nThe List of Companies: 2. 1 2 Cloud Payroll Ltd. 3. Ceridian HCM, Inc.", "URL": "https://empowerednews.net/cloud-based-payroll-software-market-revenue-forecast-and-trend-analysis-by-key-players-such-as-adp-1-2-cloud-payroll-ltd-ceridian-hcm-cloudpay-financialforce-iris-software-group-ltd-kronos-inco/181633090/"}, {"Title": "Cloud Monetization Market Top Key Players Are Aria Systems, Inc., Oracle Corporation, Comverse Technology", "Text": "Cloud Monetization Market Top Key Players Are Aria Systems, Inc., Oracle Corporation, Comverse Technology Cloud Monetization Market Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2019 2027\nAlbany, NY ( SBWIRE ) 05/07/2019 Cloud monetization offers a revenue management system for digital service providers by delivering hosted services through the Internet with significant cost benefits and on demand access to any service or resource in any volume. It is used to manage customer relationships, create customer accounts, charge for services, and analyze and collect revenue. Gemalto Inc. offers a Sentinel Cloud, a cloud based licensing and enforcement solution, for cloud monetization. Currently, many enterprises have started investing in cloud services by either subscribing to external public cloud or virtual private cloud services or by running an internal private cloud. Most enterprises prefer the private cloud model for compliance and security purposes. Cloud monetization offers various benefits such as security, scalability, and operational simplicity. It also improves customer retention by delivering flexible monetization cloud billing models. Browse The Report: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cloud monetization market.html The global cloud monetization market is primarily driven by the increase in demand from enterprises for a single bill that includes all cloud services and cloud specific service level agreements (SLAs). Additionally, expansion of managed and professional services for cloud monetization is expected to boost the demand for cloud monetization across the globe. Rise in focus on generating recurring revenue by enterprises is also driving the demand for cloud monetization across the globe. Currently, increase in demand for secure, scalable, and reliable solution for cloud billing is anticipated to boost the demand for cloud monetization globally. Increase in demand for developing long customer relationship by enterprises is another key factor driving the global market. Cloud monetization reduces risk and time by providing simplified and easy to use cloud billing model. This is boosting the demand for cloud object storage globally. Rise in demand for backup and recovery services is another key factor driving the demand for cloud monetization market across the globe. However, high cost of cloud billing model or subscription is estimated to hamper the demand for cloud monetization in the near future. The global cloud monetization market can be segmented based on cloud platform, services, deployment, enterprise size, industry, and region. In terms of cloud platform, the market can be classified into software as a service, infrastructure as a service, and platform as a service. In terms of service, the market can be classified into professional services and maintenance services. The professional services segment can be further classified into support & maintenance, integration & deployment, and consulting. Based on deployment, the cloud monetization market can be bifurcated into cloud based and on premise. The cloud based segment can be further sub segmented into public cloud, private cloud, hybrid cloud, and community cloud. In terms of enterprise size, the market can be divided into small & medium enterprises and large enterprises. In terms of industry, the global cloud monetization market can be segregated into travel & logistics, banking, financial services & insurance (BFSI); healthcare; IT & telecom; e commerce & retail; and manufacturing. Based on region, the global cloud monetization market can be split into Middle East & Africa, Europe, North America, South America, and Asia Pacific. The market in North America is estimated to expand at a substantial pace during the forecast period due to the presence of established vendors of cloud monetization in the region. The cloud monetization market in Asia Pacific is projected to expand at a significant pace during the forecast period. The region is estimated to create attractive opportunities in the cloud monetization market in the near future. Get Sample Copy of this report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=65609 Increase in urbanization and advancement of technologies are propelling the demand for cloud monetization in Asia Pacific. Rise in awareness about the recurring revenue by use of cloud billing is boosting the cloud monetization market in Asia Pacific. Major players operating in the global cloud monetization market include Aria Systems, Inc., Oracle Corporation, Comverse Technology, Inc., AppDirect, Inc., Computer Associates International, Inc., SAP SE, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Cisco Systems, Aspire Systems, and Gemalto Inc. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. Media Relations Contact", "URL": "http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/cloud-monetization-market-top-key-players-are-aria-systems-inc-oracle-corporation-comverse-technology-1212245.htm"}, {"Title": "Cloud-Based Contact Center Market 2019-2023: Sales Revenue, Emerging Audience, Business Trends, Regional Study, Key Players Profiles and Future Prospects", "Text": "Global Cloud Based Contact Center Market is expected to grow from USD 6.47 billion in 2017 to USD 24.11 billion by 2023, at a CAGR of 25% during the forecast period and Cloud Based Contact Center Market Research Report, By Solution (Automatic Call Distribution)\nPune, India September 16, 2019 /MarketersMedia/ \u2014 Cloud Based Contact Center Market Synopsis: The cloud based model has a high demand in contact center market for making connections with the help of social media, email, voice and the Web accessible virtually from any location. Pay per use subscription pricing model for end users, improved business continuity, cloud compliance, and improved integration, and usability drives the cloud based contact center market. However, this market faces some challenges associated with the adoption such as maintaining integration levels and poor IT infrastructure for cloud based contact centers. Cloud based contact center market operates in various verticals such as BFSI, retail, government and public sector, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, media and entertainment, and IT & telecommunication. IT & telecommunication is expected to hold largest market share during forecast period.\nResultantly, the adoption of cloud contact centers is increasing across the industries, and its market is witnessing a considerable rise in the gains. According to Market Research Future (MRFR), the global Cloud Based Contact Center Market would reach a valuation of USD 24.11 BN by 2023, registering a whopping, double digit CAGR of 25% throughout the forecast period (2018 \u2013 2023). In 2017, the market had valued merely at USD 6.47 BN.\nAdditional factors bolstering the market include cloud compliance requirements and the option of pay per use subscription pricing model for end users. IT & telecommunication industry, among other verticals, would hold the largest share in the market. To way to achieve digital transformation is to enhance the customer experience. Since contact centers are the sources to improve customer experience, it is critical to upgrade them.\nRequest a Free Sample @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/6358\nMajor Players: Players leading the cloud based contact center market are 8x8 Inc. (US), NICE Ltd. (Israel), Five9 (US), Genesys (US), Cisco Systems (US), Oracle Corporation (US), Connect First (US), NewVoiceMedia (UK), Extreme Networks, and Aspect Software (US), inContact, Inc. (US), Liveops, Inc. (US), 3CLogic (US), Interlink Network Systems (US), Accurate Always, Inc. (US), KM2 Solutions (US), CCT Solutions (US), and Servion Global Solutions (India), among others.\nCloud Based Contact Center Market Segmentations: For a better understanding, the report has been segmented into six key dynamics: By Solution: Automatic Call Distribution, Agent Performance Optimization, Diallers, Interactive Voice Response, Computer Telephony Integration, Reporting & Analytics, and Security, among others. By Application: Workforce Optimization and Data Integration & Recording, among others. By Vertical: BFSI, IT &Telecomm, Retail, Government & Public Sector, Healthcare & Life Sciences, Media & Entertainment, Manufacturing, among others. By Services: Professional Service and Managed Service. By Organization Size: Large Enterprise and SME. By Deployment Model: Public Cloud, Private Cloud, and Hybrid Cloud.\nCloud Based Contact Center Market Geographical Analysis: North America would retain its dominance over the global cloud based contact center market. Vast advances in technologies led by the well established infrastructures in the region that encourages development and early uptake of advanced technologies drive the regional market.\nAlso, factors such as advancements in the customer experience management, the presence of large operation bases & customer contact centers, and augmenting uptake of cloud based analytics solutions across various industries foster the growth in the regional market.\nThe Asia Pacific cloud based contact center market has been emerging as a lucrative market globally. Factors attributing to the growth in the regional market include massive demand for the deployment of cloud based contact center technologies that can provide comprehensive support and specialty in real time.\nVarious government programs initiated across the APAC countries to encourage technological advancements are expected to support the market to grow at a significant CAGR in the next six years. For instance; a government led program in India called 'Digital India Program' a vision to transform India into a digitally empowered society.\nThe cloud based contact center markets in India and China are growing aggressively due to government efforts to increase the uptake of cloud based contact centers. Furthermore, rising recognition of cloud based solutions, growth, and adoption of promising technologies like the Internet of Things (IoT) are expected to propel the increase in the regional market.\nCloud Based Contact Center Market Competitive Analysis: Highly competitive cloud based contact center market appears to be fragmented owing to the presence of many matured players accounting for a substantial market share. Through strategic initiatives such as acquisition, expansion, and product/technology launch, these players try to gain a competitive advantage in this market. They invest substantially in R&D to develop an entirely different technology compared to their competition.\nCurrent trends in the market are usages of chatbots & artificial intelligence and increasing dependence on interactive voice response (IVR). Following these trends, many players incorporated chat bots & artificial intelligence to their solutions to increase their enterprise value in the market.\nAccess Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/cloud based contact center market 6358\nIndustry/Innovation/Related News: June 16, 2019 Talkdesk (the US), a cloud based contact center, and artificial intelligence software provider launched Talkdesk Boost, a new way to accelerate corporate digital transformation. Unveiled at Customer Contact Week in Las Vegas, the 'Talkdesk Boost' enhances agent productivity, operational agility, and customer experience by augmenting existing voice systems with AI infused, cloud based contact center applications. Talkdesk Boost enables agents to do more with minimal disruption, while also being able to yield business results.\nAbout Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.\nContact Info:", "URL": "https://marketersmedia.com/cloud-based-contact-center-market-2019-2023-sales-revenue-emerging-audience-business-trends-regional-study-key-players-profiles-and-future-prospects/88919032"}, {"Title": "Cloud Supply Chain Management Market 2019 Size, Competitors Strategy, Regional Analysis and Industry Growth by Forecast to 2021", "Text": "Tweet Cloud Supply Chain Management Market 2019 Size, Competitors Strategy, Regional Analysis and Industry Growth by Forecast to 2021 The report on the Global Cloud Supply Chain Management Market covers Industry Size, market valuation by segmentation as well as region, historical trends, dynamics, country level analysis for every segment, key Vendors share analysis, competitive landsca 28, 2019 ) The cloud Supply Chain Management (SCM) is a cloud suite that regulates supply chain operations and governance, in the most optimal form. Factors such as increasing adoption of cloud based SCM in transportation management and the increasing need of demand management solutions among enterprises are creating a huge demand for the cloud SCM market, across the globe. The cloud SCM market size is estimated to grow from USD 3.26 billion in 2016 to USD 8.07 billion by 2021, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 19.8% during the forecast period.Browse 64 market data tables and 55 figures spread through 146 pages and in depth TOC on Cloud Supply Chain Management Market by Solution (Transportation Management, Procurement & Sourcing, Sales & Operation Planning, and Inventory & Warehouse Management), Service, Deployment, Organization Size, Vertical, and Region Global Forecast to 2021\"Early buyers will receive 10% customization on reports.The major vendors providing cloud SCM are SAP SE (Walldorf, Germany), Oracle Corporation(California, U.S.), Infor, Inc.(New York, U.S.), JDA Software Group, Inc. (Arizona, U.S.), Descartes Systems Group, Inc. (Ontario, Canada), Manhattan Associates, Inc. (Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.), Logility, Inc.(Atlanta, Georgia U.S.), Kewill, Inc. (Massachusetts, U.S.), Kinaxis, Inc. (Ontario, Canada), HighJump (Minnesota, U.S.), TECSYS, Inc. (Montreal, Canada), and CloudLogix (Colorado, U.S.).The inventory and warehouse management solution among cloud SCM solutions is projected to grow at the highest rate during the forecast period, as it enables daily operations in a warehouse and the centralized management of tasks, such as inventory control, tracking, and the location of stock items. The demand for inventory and warehouse management solutions is increasing due to benefits offered, such as faster inventory movement, efficient use of warehouse space, and reduced inventory paperwork.The Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR in the cloud SCM market during the forecast period. SMEs face many challenges, such as limited budgets, technical expertise, and scalability. Thus, to overcome these challenges, SMEs are rapidly adopting cloud SCM services, as they offer increased agility and improved efficiency.Request PDF Brochure @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/speaktoanalystNew.asp?id=39285453 The hybrid cloud deployment model is expected to gain the highest traction in the cloud SCM market during the forecast period. Hybrid cloud provides enterprises with more control, reduced risk, cost efficiency, and better performance. Additionally, it provides an ideal combination of public cloud and private cloud features, such as usage friendly, versatility, & cost effectiveness of the former, and greater control & security of the latter. Given this huge advantage, organizations are rapidly shifting their focus towards hybrid cloud adoption.The retail and wholesale sector is expected to grow at the highest CAGR in the cloud SCM market during the forecast period. To ensure seamless operations, the retailers and wholesalers are upgrading the traditional SCM systems by embracing cloud SCM solutions. With the help of this adoption, retailers can gain useful visibility & track inventory throughout the entire lifecycle, ensuring agility and profitability, by serving the increasingly demanding consumers.Asia Pacific (APAC) is expected to be the fastest growing region in the cloud SCM market during the forecast period. This region offers potential growth opportunities, due to improvement in infrastructure, business strategic moves, and emergence of new technologies, combined with the growing business needs.North America is expected to contribute the largest market share, Asia Pacific (APAC) to grow the fastestNorth America is expected to hold the largest market share and dominate the cloud SCM market from 2016 to 2021, owing to the availability of proficient technical expertise, large investments in Research & Development (R&D), early adoption of new & emerging technologies, and presence of large number of players in this region. The APAC region is in the initial growth phase; however, it is the fastest growing region in the global cloud SCM market. The key reasons for the high growth rate in APAC include increased spending on IT infrastructure, rising cloud based applications, and growing demand for automation of processes in this region.Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market Reports/cloud supply chain management market 39285453.html About MarketsandMarketsMarketsandMarkets provides quantified B2B research on 30,000 high growth niche opportunities/threats which will impact 70% to 80% of worldwide companies revenues. Currently servicing 7500 customers worldwide including 80% of global Fortune 1000 companies as clients. Almost 75,000 top officers across eight industries worldwide approach MarketsandMarkets for their pain points around revenues decisions.Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the \"Growth Engagement Model GEM\". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write \"Attack, avoid and defend\" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. MarketsandMarkets now coming up with 1,500 MicroQuadrants (Positioning top players across leaders, emerging companies, innovators, strategic players) annually in high growth emerging segments. MarketsandMarkets is determined to benefit more than 10,000 companies this year for their revenue planning and help them take their innovations/disruptions early to the market by providing them research ahead of the curve.MarketsandMarketss flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, \"Knowledge Store\" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets.Contact:", "URL": "https://www.emailwire.com/release/1104203-Cloud-Supply-Chain-Management-Market-2019-Size-Competitors-Strategy-Regional-Analysis-and-Industry-Growth-by-Forecast-to-2021.html"}, {"Title": "Cloud Manufacturing 2019 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 23% and Forecast to 2023", "Text": " Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.) DXC Technology (U.S.) VMware, Inc. (U.S.) Oracle Corporation (U.S.)\nThe global Cloud Manufacturing market is likely to exhibit steady growth over the forecast period, according to the latest report on Wise Guy Research (WGR). The global Cloud Manufacturing market's major drivers and restraints are analyzed in the report, which provides readers with a clear picture of what's driving and what's holding back the Cloud Manufacturing market. The historical trajectory of the Cloud Manufacturing market is examined in the report in order to provide a basis for predictions regarding the market's growth rate over the forecast period. Happenings in the Cloud Manufacturing market in the review period are examined carefully to explain their connection with the market's present state and future growth prospects.\nThe leading players operating in the Cloud Manufacturing market are also studied in the report to provide readers with a comprehensive overview of the competitive landscape in the market. The major strategies used by leading players in the Cloud Manufacturing market are studied in the report to provide readers with an idea of what works and what doesn't, in the Cloud Manufacturing market. Individual players are analyzed in detail in the report in order to elaborate on their regional presence and product catalog, providing a clear overview of each major player operating in the Cloud Manufacturing market.\nSolid, industry standard analysis tools such as SWOT analysis and Porter's Five Forces analysis are used the detail the present condition in the Cloud Manufacturing market. A detailed analysis of the market's likely growth trajectory over the forecast period is presented on the basis of this analysis, which includes historical information regarding the Cloud Manufacturing market. A complete picture of the Cloud Manufacturing market's movement through the recent past and likely movement in the coming years is provided in the report.\nThe regional distribution of the Cloud Manufacturing market is also discussed in the report, and detailed analyses are provided for the market's segment in each major region. The key regional markets are profiled to give players an idea of where each region is soaring and what needs attention in specific markets. Region specific strategies and product formulations can be based on this detailed analysis, as the factors making the market tick in specific regions are analyzed in the report, leading to a comprehensive understanding of the market.\nEnquiry About Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/3496534 cloud manufacturing market research report forecast to 2023\nTable Of Contents \u2013 Major Key Points\n1 Executive Summary\n2 Scope Of The Report\n3 Market Research Methodology\n5 Industry Overview Of Global Cloud Manufacturing Market\n6 Market Trends\n7. Global Cloud Manufacturing Market By Component\nContinued \nABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of market research reports under these categories and sub categories.\nContact Info:", "URL": "https://marketersmedia.com/cloud-manufacturing-2019-global-market-expected-to-grow-at-cagr-23-and-forecast-to-2023/88919790"}, {"Title": "Global Cloud-Based Payroll Software Market Anticipated for Progressive CAGR Growth During to 2024", "Text": "Global Cloud Based Payroll Software market report announced the industry principles: definitions, classes, market and applications review; commodity specifications; procedures; cost arrangements, garbage and so forth. Cloud Based BriefingWire.com , 11/05/2019 Global Cloud Based Payroll Software market 2019 report profit smartly substantial competitor info, investigation, and tips to invent effective RD plans and identify emerging players with the potentially robust solution portfolio and make effective Cloud Based Payroll Software counter strategies to acquire a competitive edge. The report explains potential new customers or spouses at the target market, develop tactical efforts by understanding the attention Cloud Based Payroll Software aspects of leading businesses, plan mergers and acquisitions effortlessly by pinpointing key players.\nGlobal Cloud Based Payroll Software market report announced the industry principles: definitions, classes, market and applications review; commodity specifications; procedures; cost arrangements, garbage and so forth.\nGet Free Sample Report PDF Of The Report @ http://futuristicreports.com/report/request sample/1550\nCloud Based Payroll Software market Segmentations:\nMajor Important Players are analyzed from the Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Industry Report:\nCriterion Software, Zenefits Software, Paycom Software Inc., BambooHR Software, Kronos Incorporated, Sage HRMS Software, FinancialForce Software, Ascentis HR Software, ADP Inc., Vibe HCM Software, PDS Vista HRMS, Oracle Corporation, Iris Software Group Limited\nSegmentation by type:", "URL": "https://www.briefingwire.com/pr/global-cloud-based-payroll-software-market-anticipated-for-progressive-cagr-growth-during-to-2024"}, {"Title": "Best cloud databases of 2019", "Text": "Databases have become an essential part of IT services, as the powerhouse for storing and retrieving data. There are different ways in which data can be recorded though, depending on how the different information you want to use is intended to be cross referenced.\nTraditionally the most common form of database was a relational one, as used in Microsoft Access and it's more powerful big brother, MySQL. In these sort of databases there is a direct relationship between the different points of data, arrange in columns and rows.\nHowever, these days non relational databases have become more common, in which data is stored without explicit structure and mechanisms to link it. These have become more in demand for business intelligence, which seeks to connect underlying trends which might be otherwise hidden.\nWhichever types of database you need, most providers offer the choice of different database formats to use as required. Here we'll look at the best of them. Want your company or services to be added to this buyer's guide? Please email your request to desire.athow@futurenet.com with the URL of the buying guide in the subject line.\n(Image credit: Amazon) 1. Amazon Relational Database\nMake use of AWS's processing power to run your database, if you have the skills\n750 hours free\nSupports multiple DB types\nAdvanced users only\nAmazon Web Services (AWS) is a subsidiary of Amazon.com, founded in 2006. It provides on demand cloud computing to individuals and businesses.\nAWS is a cloud based program for building business solutions using integrated web services. They give users access to a wide range of cloud services such as content delivery and database storage.\nAmazon Relational Database is a Database as a Service (DBaaS). It is suitable for experienced data users, data scientists and database administrators. This is a good choice for developers already familiar with AWS services. Users need to contact a Database Administrator to get setup as the process is technically involved.\nUsers can build databases specifically geared around their needs. You can create templates or write code. Users can control the type of database, as well as where data is stored. Specific database formats that are supported include Amazon Aurora, PostgreSQL, MySQL, MariaDB, Oracle Database, and SQL Server.\nThe service offers 750 free hours. There is a price calculator online to help calculate AWS costs but this is tricky to figure out. Users can get assistance from their database administrator.\nAWS has three different pricing models; 'Pay as you Go', 'Save when you reserve' and 'Pay less using more'.\nHowever, AWS provides a free tier. This offers users certain services for 12 months. After that, you have to choose to sign up for any of the plans above or to cancel your AWS subscription. You must have an existing AWS subscription to access the Amazon Relational Database Service.\n(Image credit: Microsoft) 2. Microsoft Azure SQL Database\nTry Azure for a year free of charge to see if it's right for you\n12 months free\nPay as you go\nSome support issues\nMicrosoft Azure was created by Microsoft to build, test, deploy and manage applications and services though their data centres. It was released in 2010.\nMicrosoft Azure not only offers database as a service but also platform as a service, software as a service and infrastructure as a service. With Azure, clients can use the services purely on the cloud or it can be combined with any existing applications, data centre or infrastructure you may already have in place.\nAzure's SQL database has the familiar look and feel of Microsoft. It has a strong SQL engine compatibility and machine learning. The service offers all SQL tools and applications needed for creating a database. It's easy to use.\nMicrosoft Azure SQL database has an online portal with access to everything you need. Setup is quick and painless but users need to have a Microsoft account to get started.\nSubscribers can use the 'Connection Libraries' to choose which operating drivers they want to connect. From here you can also choose your preferred language settings, database name, identify a source and a price tier.\nAzure offer users 12 months of free usage. This includes $200 credit and more than 25 'Always free' services. The platform works on a 'Pay as you go' subscription so you only pay for what you use.\nOnline commentators have reported some issues with support.\n(Image credit: Oracle)\nChoose Oracle for a simple database setup with secure encryption\nEasy maintenance\nSecure encryption\nSome support issues\nOracle Cloud Database is part of Oracle Cloud, which belongs to the Oracle Corporation, founded in 1977.\nOracle Cloud Platform works as a combination of open source technology and Oracle technology. This enable users to more efficiently build, deploy, integrate and manage all of your platform applications.\nThe solution uses a mixture of machine learning and AI to provide a service that offers self repairing abilities. It also reduces business start up costs and offers predictive insights.\nOracle Database as a Service supports any size enterprise. It provides a high level of encryption which spans multiple layers.\nThe database can be setup in a matter of minutes and is simple to navigate. Users can add 'on capacity demand' so as they grow they can increase in scale.\nAll of your data and applications can be integrated. The solution enables the user to migrate all processes to the cloud. Everything is managed via a single platform. All data is encrypted by default.\nOracle Cloud Platform claims their solution does everything for you. This saves time on repetitive tasks such as system maintenance, deploying solutions and necessary updates.\nThe platform comes with a 30 day free trial which includes $300 credit and up to 3,500 hours. There is a 'Pay as you Go' tier or a 'Monthly Flex' plan. With the 'Flex' plan users commit to a monthly amount in cloud services with a contract ranging from 1 7 years. In order to sign up for either of the above, users will need to contact Oracle directly.\nUsers have reported some issues with customer support.\n(Image credit: SAP)\nSap is a highly customizable cloud platform offering simple database migration\nFree trial\nEasy migration\nRelatively expensive\nSAP Cloud Platform is a platform as a service developed by SAP SE. It creates new applications in a secure cloud environment. It was founded in 2012.\nThe platform includes the in memory SAP HANA database management system. It connects both on premises and cloud based systems running SAP or other third party software.\nSAP Cloud Platform is geared towards larger enterprises with huge amounts of data sets. The system is generally straight forward to setup and will guide you through the process step by step.\nUse the 'Data and Storage' option to choose which database management systems you want to use. You can also choose the type of data migration.\nSAP offer users a free trial. There are two commercial pricing plans to choose from. Sap have created a PDF with all their prices clearly explained.\nOnline commentators have complained that SAP is not as competitively priced as other providers.\n(Image credit: Rackspace)\nRackspace is highly customizable, with support for any cloud model or database\nSupports multiple DB types\nExcellent customer support\nLittle documentation\nRackspace Cloud is a set of cloud computing products from the US company Rackspace. It was founded in 2006. The solution offers web application hosting, platform as a services and cloud services amongst others.\nRacksapce allows you to choose a cloud provider with which you can then interact via Rackspace's platform. The service has partnered with major cloud providers such as Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services and WMware. The advantage of this system is that you have the scalability of some of the biggest cloud providers around but with the customer support of a smaller company.\nRackspace offers a wide range of cloud services. These include public cloud, private cloud, hybrid cloud and multi cloud. When it comes to their IaaS and DBaaS solutions, Rackspace now builds entirely on the open source OpenStack cloud operating system.\nCloud Databases gives users simple, on demand provisioned and open API's. Users can deploy MySQL, Persona Server or MariaDB.\nRackspace Cloud databases allow users to add or remove replicas, move between instances sizes up to 64GB RAM and scale storage up to 1TB.\nUsers can schedule backups and restores. The platform offers container based isolation for near bare metal performance.\nThe platform offers 24/7 support with databases specialists available to assist with any query.\nYou can sign up to Rackspace for free which includes a technical account manager, security guidance and free server monitoring and reporting. Rackspace has an in depth guide into their prices. This way you can pick the package that best suits your needs.\nUsers have mentioned issues with documentation but this is balanced out by excellent service support.\n(Image credit: Image Credit: Pixabay) Other cloud databases to consider\nThere's been a profusion in the number of cloud platforms in recent years, offered by a large range of companies. As database driven software remains the norm, it remains key to ensure whichever cloud platform option you take that it can probably support your database types and size, and properly integrate with other IT infrastructure, not least monitoring for security or errors. Here we'll briefly cover some additional cloud database options worth looking at as well:\nIBM Db2 on Cloud is just one of the service offerings from service giant IBM, as part of its comprehensive cloud management platform. IBM's Db2 on Cloud is a fully managed SQL database that runs in the cloud. It's quick and easy to set up and allows for flexible scaling, so you only need to pay for what you actually use in terms of resources. Security patching it automated, and it's easy to retrieve datasets as and when you need to look at them. Db2 on Cloud can also be set up on a private VPN.\nZoho Creator is something a little different \u2013 it's not so much a cloud database management platform as much as an easy way to build your own database in the cloud. This is especially useful for smaller companies who might want to build their own apps but would otherwise find a big name cloud management package overkill. It runs through a simple drag and drop interface which allows full customization, and as part of the Zoho suite of apps means it will easily integrate with other Zoho products.\nCouchbase is also a little different in that it allows you to build your own databases running N1QL, which allows for far more complex data storage than MySQL normally allows. This means being able to build databases in the cloud which are layered and works better for JSON. Additionally, it has built in analytics, easy replication, and enterprise grade security. So if you require a more innovative database platform with the flexibility of NoSQL, Couchbase may be worth looking at.\nMongoDB Atlas is an automated cloud service that makes it much easier to manage databases in the cloud, allowing users to focus on application development instead. It offers global support for over 60 cloud regions and comes with distributed fault tolerance along with backup options to ensure business continuity. On demand scaling, resource optimization, and fully automated structure provisioning means that MongoDB could be particularly attractive for innovative enterprise.\nGoogle Cloud Database Services comes as part of Google's cloud platform services, and is the last of the big name cloud providers we'll mention here. There are a lot of options for users to choose from, not relational vs non relational ones. The Cloud SQL option provides managed support for PostgreSQL & MySQL, while the BigTable option provides a petabyte scale, fully managed NoSQL database service for large analytical and operational workloads.", "URL": "http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/techradar/world-of-tech/~3/KmZoTRsNDtc/best-cloud-database/"}, {"Title": "Cloud-Based Contact Center 2019-2023: Key Findings, Emerg", "Text": "\"Cloud Based Contact Center Market\" Global Cloud Based Contact Center Market is expected to grow from USD 6.47 billion in 2017 to USD 24.11 billion by 2023, at a CAGR of 25% during the forecast period and Cloud Based Contact Center Market Research Report, By Solution (Automatic Call Distribution, Agent Performance Optimization). Cloud Based Contact Center Market Synopsis:\nThe cloud based model has a high demand in contact center market for making connections with the help of social media, email, voice and the Web accessible virtually from any location. Pay per use subscription pricing model for end users, improved business continuity, cloud compliance, and improved integration, and usability drives the cloud based contact center market.\nHowever, this market faces some challenges associated with the adoption such as maintaining integration levels and poor IT infrastructure for cloud based contact centers. Cloud based contact center market operates in various verticals such as BFSI, retail, government and public sector, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, media and entertainment, and IT & telecommunication. IT & telecommunication is expected to hold largest market share during forecast period.\nRequest a Free Sample @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/6358\nMajor Key Players:\nThe prominent players in cloud based contact center market are NICE Ltd. (Israel), 8\u00d78 Inc. (US), Five9 (US), Cisco Systems (US), Genesys (US), Oracle Corporation (US), NewVoiceMedia (UK), Connect First (US), Aspect Software (US), and Extreme Networks among others.\nOther players in Cloud Based Contact Center Market are Liveops, Inc. (US), inContact, Inc.(US), 3CLogic (US), Accurate Always, Inc.(US), Interlink Network Systems (US), KM2 Solutions (US), Servion Global Solutions (India), and CCT Solutions (US) among others.\nSegmentation:\nBy mode of solution, the global cloud based contact center market has been segmented into agent performance optimization, automatic call distribution, interactive voice response, dialers, reporting and analytics, computer telephony integration, security, and others. By mode of services, the global cloud based contact center market has been segmented into managed service and professional service. By mode of organization size, the global cloud based contact center market has been segmented into large enterprise and SME. By mode of deployment model, the global cloud based contact center market has been segmented into private cloud, public cloud, and hybrid cloud. By mode of vertical, the global cloud based contact center market has been segmented into retail, BFSI, healthcare & life sciences, government & public sector, media & entertainment, manufacturing, IT & telecommunication, and others. Among these, the IT & telecom sector is considered to occupy the largest market share. With advancements in technology coupled with the growing adoption of modern connectivity systems, the demand for communication services in retail, automotive, government services, energy and power, IT sector, and other industries employing the technology, has seen an incremental growth in the past few years. Regional Analysis:\nThe global market for cloud based contact center is estimated to grow at a significant rate during the forecast period from 2018 to 2023. The geographical analysis of cloud base contact center market is studied for North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the rest of the world.\nNorth America is expected to dominate the cloud based contact center market during the forecast period. The US is the major contributor to the North American market due to presence of many global players and high adoption of cloud services. Increasing rate of innovation in North American market is accelerating the rate of adoption of cloud based contact centers. Outsourcing management and expertise is gaining pace, as organizations in this region are looking to stay focused on their core businesses. Latin America and Middle East & Africa (LMEA) is expected to grow steadily due to the increasing trends of cloud services.\nEurope is expected grow at a stable rate during the forecast period. Presence of huge car manufacturing sector and healthcare industries drives the cloud based contact center market in Europe. Asia Pacific is expected grow at a faster rate during the forecast period due to presence of many IT & telecommunication companies. Due to increasing adoption of electronic devices as well as huge investment in R&D by China and Japan drives the cloud based contact center market during the forecast period.\nTable of Contents\n1 Executive Summary\n2 Scope of The Report\n2.1 Market Definition\n2.2 Scope of The Study\n2.2.1 Research Objectives\n2.2.2 Assumptions & Limitations\n2.3 Markets Structure\nContinued \nAccess Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/cloud based contact center market 6358\nList of Tables\nTable1 Global Cloud Based Contact Center Market, By Region, 2018\u20132023\nTable2 North America: Cloud Based Contact Center Market, By Country, 2018\u20132023\nTable3 Europe: Cloud Based Contact Center Market, By Country, 2018\u20132023\nContinued \nList of Figures\nFigure 1 Global Cloud Based Contact Center Market Segmentation\nFigure 2 Research Methodology\nFigure 3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis of Global Cloud Based Contact Center Market\nContinued \nAbout Market Research Future:\nAt Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.\n Market Research Future\nContact Person: Abhishek Sawant\n +1 646 845 9312\nAddress: Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar\n https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/cloud based contact center market 6358\n Cloud Based Contact Center Market 2019 2023: Key Findings, Emerging Audience, Business Trends, Regional Study, Key Players Profiles and Future Prospects", "URL": "http://www.valleyscw.com/story/40891883/cloud-based-contact-center-market-2019-2023-key-findings-emerging-audience-business-trends-regional-study-key-players-profiles-and-future-prospects"}, {"Title": "EXCLUSIVE \u2013 5th Annual Singapore OpenGov Leadership Forum 2019 \u2013 Cloud & Data Analytics", "Text": "40 VIEWS On 16 th May 2019, over 350 government officials and industry leaders across the world gathered for a discussion on digital transformation in the public sector and financial services institutions (FSI). Taking place at Marina Bay Sands Singapore, this year marks the 5 th Annual Singapore OpenGov Leadership Forum. The day was filled with stimulating round table discussions as well as innovative gamification methods, engaging panels and insightful talks by local and international leaders in public sector ICT. The day was divided into 2 major session. The morning plenary had focused talks from international speakers, , four rounds of OpenGov Gamification Table (OGT) discussions and a panel. Coverage of the Keynote Presentations can be found here. The post plenary afternoon session has delegates separate in one of four tracks of their choosing. Coverage of Track 1, Track 2, Track and Track 4 can be found by clicking on the individual tracks. Track 3: Cloud & Data Analytics\nTrack 3 focused on Cloud & Data Analytics. In particular, the cloud and its use to gain intelligent insights. Martyn Wallace explains his Solutionising concept Martyn Wallace, Chief Digital Officer, Scottish Local Government Digital Office and ranked 25 in CIO100 2019, shared Scotland's approach to design thinking. For a successful data strategy, the first step is understanding the landscape before trying to hastily and carelessly tackle any problems. Only after thorough research, should one move to the next step \u2013 \"solutionising\" \u2013 a word he has coined and trademarked. Wallace also shared his three pronged approach \u2013 Shape, Shift, Share \u2013 which would revolutionise and change an organisation's data journey. Nathan shares Oracle's cloud secret: simplicity Nathan Cook, Senior Executive, National Security Innovator EMEA & JAPAC at Oracle Corporation delivered his talk on data security. He stressed how much the online landscape has changed compared to years ago. Further, changes are happening faster as technology improves. Thus, the need to adapt to that shift is imperative. The simplicity of Oracle Corporation derives from the fact that it is the exact same technology on premises and in the cloud. This ensures users do not have to build and integrate the cloud \u2013 they can just use it. Geoff sharing the Australian data journey Geoff Neideck, Senior Executive, Data Strategies and IT Group at the Australian Institute of Health and Welfare, underlined the importance of public data in the Australian government. Designing of a data strategy for a nation is a complex, comprehensive task that needs long term thinking. Planning goes beyond technology into privacy, compliance, security and efficiencies. Executives need to understand the entire landscape and future needs when contemplating a data stratey. Data agreements, data assets, legislation and governance are essential to creating an efficient and sophisticated infrastructure for a national data system. Shao Horng on why Cloud in an enabler of business Shao Horng Yong, Customer Engineer, Public Sector at Google Cloud Platform addressed the concern that businesses feel restricted by the cloud. He opined that not only was cloud not restrictive but if deployed correctly, it can provide businesses with the freedom to build the best technology and stay competitive. He emphasized the ease and consistency of a multi cloud system. His experiences have shown that a multi cloud approach can often take care of the challenges customers may have been facing. Susan expounding the benefits of data sharing Susan Middleditch, Deputy Secretary, Corporate and Regulatory Services at Victoria Police talked about how Victorian communities can benefit from the sharing of data.\nWhen data is shared correctly in a timely and secure fashion, it serves a range of purposes and functions. Using good citizen data from varied sources, the government is able to make informed decisions on policy, service planning and design. A good public policy, driven by data sharing and data analytics, would result in better outcomes for citizens. Paul explaining the benefits if public private cloud mix Paul Serrano, Chief Evangelist APJ at Nutanix spoke on \"Accelerating the Business of Enterprise \u2013 Weaponised Innovation and Technology\". He noted that the best of both worlds could be achieved with a combination of public and private clouds. The ease of the public cloud combined with the security and control of a private cloud can be an excellent solution. A hybrid cloud can deliver advanced networking and security services, providing visibility into the network, application centric protection from network threats, and the automation of common networking operations. Eric: \"A cloud is not a cloud unless it's successful.\" From the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Professor Eric Tsui underlined cloud as an intelligent knowledge centre. He presented some of the benefits of cloud computing, including the standardisation of tools and processes as well as the lower risk and reduced latency. He predicted that in 2020 that there will be 70 billion connected people and machines. The disruptive capabilities of the cloud and its ability to problem solve are tremendous. None the less, he emphasises, \"A cloud is not a cloud unless it's successful!\" Adapting the newest digital disruptors is critical! Keith Sng, Solution Engineering Manager for Southeast Asia and Korea, Veeam, discussed the importance for businesses and IT infrastructure to adapt to the newest digital disruptors. The characteristics of data, in terms of the value, rate, and scope and location are changing. Five parts \u2013 backup, visibility, activation, orchestration, and automation \u2013 can be looked towards to ensure that data remains protected, portable, and available, regardless of the cloud technologies and platforms they choose to adopt. An informative panel discussion followed on the topic of \"Cloud is the enabler for the Future of Analytics\". Moderated by Klaus Felsche, Senior Advisor at OpenGov Asia, this session delved deep into cloud technology. The discussion was fruitful and rich with varying thoughts and experiences. Kiyoung Lee, Executive Principal Researcher at National Information Society Agency of the Government of South Korea, stated that obstacles faced when the cloud include the presence of silos and the lack of eagerness to share data. This reluctance to share is may be due to the unwillingness to take responsibility for that data. Ronnie Brown, Chief Digital Officer at DirectAsia Insurance posited that many companies are good at sharing data internally, but not so much externally. Later, Kiyoung shared that the data cloud in South Korea mainly focuses on infrastructure and less on data sharing. This is thought to benefit groups of people and does not violate anyone's privacy. Ritesh Varma, Global Head, Business Consulting at Newgen Software shared his experience working with Saudi Arabia and how data does not leave the country. The cloud is almost seen as the answer to everything, but what happens when the cloud goes down? Andrus Kaarelson, Director of State Information System at the Republic of Estonia noted that the answer to this question is infrastructure. To sum up the discussion, Klaus highlighted the idea of data sovereignty. Headaches start when it comes to data, more specifically, where it is housed and who is looking after it. Next Post", "URL": "https://www.opengovasia.com/exclusive-5th-annual-singapore-opengov-leadership-forum-2019-cyber-resilience-2/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "VMware, Inc.", "intensity": 11.0, "score": 32321, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "Abiquo", "Text": "abiquo.com What is Abiquo?\nAbiquo is a hybrid cloud management solution designed to simplify the task of company IT professionals, enabling them to fully manage, track, and secure their organization's cloud computing resources while allowing all members of the organization accomplish their goals unhindered. With Abiquo, companies have a unified cloud based management platform capable of handling both private and public cloud infrastructures. The software is built with the aim of helping IT workers control their cloud resources, manage their expenses, and secure their infrastructure while keeping their organization's overall productivity high.\nAbiquo has three deployment options: Abiquo On Premise, Abiquo SaaS, and Abiquo in Azure. Abiquo On Premise gives companies total freedom in the creation, utilization, and management of their hybrid cloud service. Abiquo SaaS, on the other hand, provides users with a comprehensive hybrid cloud management platform that is managed by Abiquo's experts. With Abiquo in Azure, users can run their own hybrid cloud service from Microsoft Azure and enjoy the same benefits of Abiquo On Premise. Overview of Abiquo Benefits\nSolid Foundation\nAbiquo's Hybrid Cloud Management solution delivers a robust foundation for your commercial true hybrid cloud service. Whether you offer managed services, Internet services, and managed hosting services, Abiquo lets you build a unique cloud service with your preference of computer, network, and storage, and easily integrate it with the public cloud services that your customers require.\nPowerful Capabilities\nWith Abiquo, you can easily incorporate your hybrid cloud management service with your existing back office systems, billing platforms, CMDB, and workflows. On top of that, you can customize the branding of the Abiquo portal to match yours and your organization's terminology.\nThe software allows you to leverage VMware NSX, OpenStack Neutron, and Veeam in adding Software Defined Networking, backup, and automation. Abiquo's integration capabilities via REST API brings more value to your managed services.\nCentralized Console For Visibility and Management\nAbiquo helps you create a clear picture of your hybrid cloud service. From a single, unified console, you can visualize, track, automate, manage, and scale your workloads effortlessly.\nUtilize Your Existing Systems\nAbiquo helps you get more value from your current resources and systems. Its REST API plus other integration capabilities allow for frictionless migration of your resources into Abiquo's centralized management hub. Overview of Abiquo Features Fully Customisable Self Service Portal Resource Allocation Pricing and Billing Engine with multi currency support Complete multi layered white labeling", "URL": "https://reviews.financesonline.com/p/abiquo/"}, {"Title": "Rapid Increase in End-use Adoption to Boost Cloud Infrastructure Manage Tools Market Revenue Growth", "Text": "Computer & Technology Rapid Increase in End use Adoption to Boost Cloud Infrastructure Manage Tools Market Revenue Growth Persistence Market Research has announced the addition of the \" Cloud Infrastructure Manage Tools Market to Register Steady Expansion During 2016 \u2013 2024\" report to their offering.\nPR Inside.com: 2019 01 02 11:58:21 Cloud infrastructure manage tools includes software and technologies designed for operating and monitoring applications, data and services offered through the cloud. Cloud infrastructure manage tools assist cloud computing service providers to check cloud computing based resources are working efficiently and smoothly, interacting with users and other services. Cloud infrastructure manage tools performs numerous tasks including performance monitoring, security and compliance reviewing, and supervise the disaster recovery plans. The adoption of cloud computing services is growing day by day with the demand for private, public, and hybrid cloud. As traditional IT management tools are not sufficient to manage all these cloud models, this industry strongly witnesses need for cloud infrastructure manage tools. Cloud Infrastructure Manage Tools are used for one of the following service models of cloud computing Software as a Service (SaaS) Platform as a Service (PaaS) Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) Increasing demand for agility, scalability and cost effective solution is driving market for cloud computing services and in turn propelling the growth of the global infrastructure manage tools market. Cloud computing is creating new shift in IT model. Cloud computing facilitates organizations towards adopting IT as a service. IT as a service provide business organization a more agile framework and increase their efficiency, at the same time, IT as a service is a complex phenomenon and requires continuous monitoring. Cloud infrastructure manage tools provide continuous monitoring of this complex IT as a service environment. However, business organizations' technological needs are changing very frequently, and to cope with these rapidly changing technological advancements is quite tedious for cloud infrastructure manage tools. Request for Report Sample : www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/10499 Cloud Infrastructure manage tools market on the basis of cloud type: Public Cloud : Public cloud services are accessible for any organization. In this service model, service provider provide access to all computing need such as storage, server, and networking for any organization. Public cloud services may be free or offered pay per use model. Private Cloud : Companies that have very critical data which is susceptible to security related threat generally have their own cloud, in order to protect their data from external threat. Hybrid Cloud : Hybrid cloud is combination of public as well as private cloud and is used to perform distinct functions within the same organizations. Number of vendors such as VMware and HP have designed cloud infrastructure manage tools. Each tool uses a variety of methods to warn of impeding problems or send a red flag when certain problem occurs. North America is the largest market of cloud computing, hence poses huge opportunity for developer of cloud infrastructure manage tools.. Most of the developers of cloud infrastructure manage tools such as IBM Corporation, Microsoft Corporation are also headquartered in the U.S. and have large network of channel partners. European Cloud Computing Strategy (ECCS) is an Initiative established by the European Commission in Europe to promote the adoption of cloud computing services is likely to boost cloud infrastructure manage tools market. VMware, Inc., IBM Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, Cisco Systems, and CA Technologies are few of the leading players of global cloud infrastructure manage tools market. Request for Report TOC : www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/10499 Press Information", "URL": "http://www.pr-inside.com/rapid-increase-in-end-use-adoption-to-boost-cloud--r4719935.htm"}, {"Title": "VMware\u2019s ongoing reinvention", "Text": "What's the future of server virtualization?\nAccording to analysts, it's been clear for some time that the server virtualization market is approaching a saturation point. Gartner reported that license revenues for x86 virtualization declined for the first time ever in the first quarter of 2016, with most enterprises reporting data center virtualization levels of 75% or higher. And by 2017, Gartner declared the server virtualization market so mature that it stopped doing its annual server virtualization Magic Quadrant reports altogether.\nMeanwhile, the threat to VMware goes beyond companies having virtualized pretty much every workload that can be virtualized. In a bid to reduce capital expenditures and increase business agility, organizations are trying to downsize their data centers and shift existing workloads to the cloud, either on SaaS platforms or cloud infrastructure from AWS or Azure. And as companies decide to go cloud native for all new applications, they are turning to cutting edge approaches like containerization , micro services and serverless computing , which don't require a traditional VM.\nIn short, VMware is a classic case of a company facing the \"innovator's dilemma,\" according to Jason Bloomberg, president of the analyst firm Intellyx. The decision boils down to whether to just keep milking the cash cow, or whether to try to catch the next wave of innovation and expand into new markets, even if that might mean cannibalizing the primary revenue stream.\nVMware, through a clever combination of targeted acquisitions and internal product development, has taken the innovation route, Bloomberg says, putting together an overarching \"VMware everywhere\" strategy with a broad product portfolio designed to help companies write, secure, manage and optimize applications wherever they are located.\nOr, as Chris Wolf, vice president and CTO, global field and industry, at VMware puts it: \"Applications and data are becoming increasingly distributed, with organizations operating across a number of data centers , public cloud providers, branch offices , edge locations , and more. Our strategy focuses on ensuring consistent infrastructure and consistent operations anywhere apps and data may reside and doing so while preserving a native developer experience.\" VMware expands virtualization in the data center\nHaving pioneered x86 server virtualization, VMware set its sights on a broader range of virtualization opportunities in data center infrastructure. \"After software defined compute, it was clear to us early on that the rise of software defined storage and network virtualization were only a matter of time,\" Wolf says.\nThe company introduced vSAN storage virtualization in 2014, then used vSAN technology as the core of its VxRail hyperconverged infrastructure (HCI) appliance. VMware leveraged the acquisition of Nicira into its NSX network virtualization and security product. Armed with a fully integrated stack of virtualized compute, storage and networking technologies, VMware layered on management, automation and orchestration capabilities to create what it calls a software defined data center. This is a highly automated data center as a service offering that can be deployed in a private cloud , pubic cloud or hybrid cloud scenario.\nBut VMware wasn't done there. It bought AirWatch to extend application and data management, as well as security features, to end user's mobile devices. It bought SD WAN vendor VeloCloud to bring software defined technology to branch offices that needed to connect to the cloud. It enhanced its cloud management capabilities with the recent purchases of CloudHealth Technologies and Wavefront, which monitors cloud applications running in containers. And it recently purchased Kubernetes player Heptio as part of its strategy to enable DevOps teams to write applications on the platform of their choice.\nForrester analyst Chris Gardner gives VMware high marks for \"not sitting on their laurels.\" The move into hot new markets is showing results, he says, noting that the NSX business is already a major contributor the company's revenue stream. And he said that VMware's recent partnership with Amazon to offer software defined data centers on AWS is an exciting development with strong growth potential. With VMware Cloud on AWS , companies can migrate and extend their on prem VMware environments to the AWS bare metal cloud infrastructure.\nGardner does caution that in its push to develop new offerings, VMware sometimes goes a bit too far. \"They tend to have multiple solutions to every problem,\" he says, which can be confusing to customers. \"We believe software vendors need to be opinionated, to come to the table with a recommendation, not a Cheesecake Factory menu,\" Gardner says.\nVMware has other challenges as well. By expanding into new markets, VMware faces entirely new sets of competitors. It's going up against Nutanix in the HCI market, Cisco and Silver Peak in SD WAN , Cisco again in the software defined networking (SDN) market, and Microsoft and IBM in cloud system management.\nIn addition, analysts say VMware has been a little late to the cloud and containerization parties, and its strategy has not always been clear and consistent. For example, VMware at one point tried to offer its own cloud platform but torpedoed that effort and more recently teamed with Amazon to offer software defined data centers on AWS. This enables companies that have a VMware based data center or private cloud to extend that enterprise grade environment to the AWS bare metal cloud infrastructure with no heavy lifting. Similarly, VMware wants customers to run containers inside its own virtual machines, arguing that it can provide a development platform with the security, orchestration, integration and management features that organizations are accustomed to.\nCustomers who spoke to Network World say they are taking a pragmatic approach to VMware's rapidly expanding product lines, evaluating each new VMware offering on a case by case basis. They seem generally pleased, even surprised at how well VMware has been able to anticipate their evolving needs, and they say VMware's ability to integrate its products gives it a leg up over point solutions. VMware customers grow into vSAN, NSX and SDDC\nRyan Fay, executive vice president and global CIO at ACI Specialty Benefits , began using VMware's virtualization products in the early 2000s when he was at a different company. \"It's been exciting to see what VMware has been able to do,\" he says. The company stuck with its core competency but continued to innovate into new areas at the same time, he says.\nIn 2009, Fay was hired at ACI, a provider of corporate benefits packages, to lead a digital transformation initiative. ACI had recently acquired four companies, its data footprint was growing at 300% a year, it had security, compliance and data governance issues, and the data center needed modernization.\nThe first step was a basic server hardware consolidation effort that led to the creation of 40,000 virtual machines, a move that saved the company an estimated 30 to 40 percent in CAPEX costs per year and helped with HIPAA and PCI compliance efforts.\nWhen Fay wanted to automate data center functionality, VMware was there with its software defined data center. When encryption for sensitive customer data became a priority, VMware had just released a new version of VSphere with built in encryption. When his software developers wanted to move to containers, VMware had its Pivotal Container Services product.\nAnd when VMware bought SD WAN vendor VeloCloud, it just so happened that Fay was already a customer. At one point, Fay says he went with another vendor for hyperconverged infrastructure but switched back to VMware because its platform was the most mature and had the most functionality.\nFay says he appreciates other aspects of his relationship with VMware. There is no vendor lock in in terms of the underlying hardware. For example, NSX plugged directly into his Cisco networking gear. The result: \"You can have network functions virtualization pushed over any content distribution node you want, anywhere in the world. That was a paradigm shift, because you're no longer just managing the network, you're using it to drive innovation.\"\nFay says he is keeping his eye on VMware's cloud offering on AWS. The only thing holding him back right now from a full production deployment is the lack of availability zones. And he's looking forward to other VMware initiatives in areas of blockchain, edge computing and 5G.\nSimilarly, Adam Alicea, director of enterprise engineering at VITAS Heathcare Corp. , began his relationship with VMware through a server virtualization project. Eight years ago, when he joined the largest hospice care company in the U.S., VITAS was moving its data center from Miami to Smyrna, Ga., and his task was to migrate the company's 70 applications onto virtualized servers. After a 17 hour day, about 80 percent of the company's applications \u2013 many of them mission critical apps related to patient records \u2013 were running on the virtualized infrastructure, he says. And the company's footprint had been reduced from nearly a full cage in a colocation facility to 11 server racks. Today, that's down to six racks.\nFour years ago, when the in house electronic medical records system was pushing the company's SAN to the limit, Alicea switched to a VMware vSAN. Latency dropped from seconds to microseconds and the company realized a nearly 50 percent reduction in storage hardware acquisition costs. \"Everybody was wowed,\" Alicea says, and he was given the green light to develop and implement a five year plan that included deployment of a full software defined data center.\nOn the networking front, Alicea began re designing the core network, moving from Cisco gear to white box switches running the Cumulus Linux OS, boosting the network backbone from 10Gps to 40Gps and adopting a spine leaf architecture for increased resiliency.\nThe next step was adding VMware's NSX, which integrated with the storage and server virtualization systems to provide a single view of the entire data center stack. In addition, NSX provided network micro segmentation for security, as well as load balancing. \"It all made sense,\" Alicea says.\nHe is working with VMware in other areas as well, implementing virtual desktop infrastructure with VMware's Horizon View technology on NSX clusters. But he's also sticking to the best of breed approach. For example, after evaluating VMware's SD WAN technology, he decided to stick with his current implementation. VMware's Dell EMC connection, future plans\nNo discussion of VMware can be complete without mention of its somewhat convoluted ownership situation. Storage vendor EMC bought VMware in 2004 for $625 million and sold 15% of the company to the public via an IPO. In 2016, Dell, which was then privately held, borrowed $67 billion to buy EMC in a deal that stands as the largest ever in the industry. As part of that transaction, Dell issued something called \"tracking stock,\" a separate stock based on VMware's performance. Then, in December of 2018, Dell announced it was going public again and bought back the VMware tracking stock.\nNone of these machinations seem to have had much impact on the ground, according to both analysts and customers. Any efforts by Dell to increase synergies between the companies can only be good for customers, and these corporate changes haven't slowed down VMware's continued push into new markets. For example, Dell just announced an aggressive product roadmap for its HCI product line that features VMware's VxRail technology.\nAnd at the latest VMworld conference, the company announced several new initiatives. Project Dimension is a managed service that will bring software defined data center infrastructure and hardware as a service to on premises and edge locations. Project Magna is aimed at leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning to build self optimizing virtual infrastructures. And Project Concord is VMware's blockchain initiative.\nBut there is always a concern that if debt laden Dell hits a few rough quarters, it might scale back new echnology investments at VMware.\nSo far, however, the overall strategy seems to be working. Revenue for the latest quarter was $2.2 billion, up 14% from the same quarter of the previous year, and the company increased its full year revenue projections to nearly $8.9 billion. Quarterly earnings of $1.56 a share beat analyst estimates. And VMware stock, which dipped to a low of around $50 a share in 2016, is now above $150 a share.\nIndustry analysts are impressed. Forrester listed VMware's HCI offering as one of the leaders in the fast growing \"data center in a box\" market. IDC says VMware is the market leader in cloud management software at more than $900M in annual revenue, and is the market leader a new category called IT automation and configuration management. And Gartner puts VMware in a leadership position in WAN edge technology.\nWolf, not surprisingly, is bullish on VMware's future:\n\"We will be global leaders in infrastructure, networking, data management, end user computing, and we will revolutionize how applications and data are secured. We will empower customers to take open source projects into production, providing the reliability, scalability and operational consistency they require. Finally, we expect to continue to be a major force in cloud operations and management.\" Join the newsletter!", "URL": "https://www.networkworld.com/article/3340259/virtualization/vmware-s-transformation-takes-hold.html"}, {"Title": "VMware\u2019s ongoing reinvention | Network World", "Text": "What's the future of server virtualization?\nSo, what's going on with VMware? If you created a nearly $6 billion industry, had more than 75% market share and did't really face much in the way of direct competition, why not just keep doing what you're doing? Is VMware just trying to latch onto all the latest buzzwords, or is there a method to the madness?\nAccording to analysts, it's been clear for some time that the server virtualization market is approaching a saturation point. Gartner reported that license revenues for x86 virtualization declined for the first time ever in the first quarter of 2016, with most enterprises reporting data center virtualization levels of 75% or higher. And by 2017, Gartner declared the server virtualization market so mature that it stopped doing its annual server virtualization Magic Quadrant reports altogether.\nMeanwhile, the threat to VMware goes beyond companies having virtualized pretty much every workload that can be virtualized. In a bid to reduce capital expenditures and increase business agility, organizations are trying to downsize their data centers and shift existing workloads to the cloud, either on SaaS platforms or cloud infrastructure from AWS or Azure. And as companies decide to go cloud native for all new applications, they are turning to cutting edge approaches like containerization , micro services and serverless computing , which don't require a traditional VM.\nIn short, VMware is a classic case of a company facing the \"innovator's dilemma,\" according to Jason Bloomberg, president of the analyst firm Intellyx. The decision boils down to whether to just keep milking the cash cow, or whether to try to catch the next wave of innovation and expand into new markets, even if that might mean cannibalizing the primary revenue stream.\nVMware, through a clever combination of targeted acquisitions and internal product development, has taken the innovation route, Bloomberg says, putting together an overarching \"VMware everywhere\" strategy with a broad product portfolio designed to help companies write, secure, manage and optimize applications wherever they are located.\nOr, as Chris Wolf, vice president and CTO, global field and industry, at VMware puts it: \"Applications and data are becoming increasingly distributed, with organizations operating across a number of data centers , public cloud providers, branch offices , edge locations , and more. Our strategy focuses on ensuring consistent infrastructure and consistent operations anywhere apps and data may reside and doing so while preserving a native developer experience.\" VMware expands virtualization in the data center\nHaving pioneered x86 server virtualization, VMware set its sights on a broader range of virtualization opportunities in data center infrastructure. \"After software defined compute, it was clear to us early on that the rise of software defined storage and network virtualization were only a matter of time,\" Wolf says.\nThe company introduced vSAN storage virtualization in 2014, then used vSAN technology as the core of its VxRail hyperconverged infrastructure (HCI) appliance. VMware leveraged the acquisition of Nicira into its NSX network virtualization and security product. Armed with a fully integrated stack of virtualized compute, storage and networking technologies, VMware layered on management, automation and orchestration capabilities to create what it calls a software defined data center. This is a highly automated data center as a service offering that can be deployed in a private cloud , pubic cloud or hybrid cloud scenario.\nBut VMware wasn't done there. It bought AirWatch to extend application and data management, as well as security features, to end user's mobile devices. It bought SD WAN vendor VeloCloud to bring software defined technology to branch offices that needed to connect to the cloud. It enhanced its cloud management capabilities with the recent purchases of CloudHealth Technologies and Wavefront, which monitors cloud applications running in containers. And it recently purchased Kubernetes player Heptio as part of its strategy to enable DevOps teams to write applications on the platform of their choice.\nForrester analyst Chris Gardner gives VMware high marks for \"not sitting on their laurels.\" The move into hot new markets is showing results, he says, noting that the NSX business is already a major contributor the company's revenue stream. And he said that VMware's recent partnership with Amazon to offer software defined data centers on AWS is an exciting development with strong growth potential. With VMware Cloud on AWS , companies can migrate and extend their on prem VMware environments to the AWS bare metal cloud infrastructure.\nGardner does caution that in its push to develop new offerings, VMware sometimes goes a bit too far. \"They tend to have multiple solutions to every problem,\" he says, which can be confusing to customers. \"We believe software vendors need to be opinionated, to come to the table with a recommendation, not a Cheesecake Factory menu,\" Gardner says.\nVMware has other challenges as well. By expanding into new markets, VMware faces entirely new sets of competitors. It's going up against Nutanix in the HCI market, Cisco and Silver Peak in SD WAN , Cisco again in the software defined networking (SDN) market, and Microsoft and IBM in cloud system management.\nIn addition, analysts say VMware has been a little late to the cloud and containerization parties, and its strategy has not always been clear and consistent. For example, VMware at one point tried to offer its own cloud platform but torpedoed that effort and more recently teamed with Amazon to offer software defined data centers on AWS. This enables companies that have a VMware based data center or private cloud to extend that enterprise grade environment to the AWS bare metal cloud infrastructure with no heavy lifting. Similarly, VMware wants customers to run containers inside its own virtual machines, arguing that it can provide a development platform with the security, orchestration, integration and management features that organizations are accustomed to.\nCustomers who spoke to Network World say they are taking a pragmatic approach to VMware's rapidly expanding product lines, evaluating each new VMware offering on a case by case basis. They seem generally pleased, even surprised at how well VMware has been able to anticipate their evolving needs, and they say VMware's ability to integrate its products gives it a leg up over point solutions. VMware customers grow into vSAN, NSX and SDDC\nRyan Fay, executive vice president and global CIO at ACI Specialty Benefits , began using VMware's virtualization products in the early 2000s when he was at a different company. \"It's been exciting to see what VMware has been able to do,\" he says. The company stuck with its core competency but continued to innovate into new areas at the same time, he says.\nIn 2009, Fay was hired at ACI, a provider of corporate benefits packages, to lead a digital transformation initiative. ACI had recently acquired four companies, its data footprint was growing at 300% a year, it had security, compliance and data governance issues, and the data center needed modernization.\nThe first step was a basic server hardware consolidation effort that led to the creation of 40,000 virtual machines, a move that saved the company an estimated 30 to 40 percent in CAPEX costs per year and helped with HIPAA and PCI compliance efforts.\nWhen Fay wanted to automate data center functionality, VMware was there with its software defined data center. When encryption for sensitive customer data became a priority, VMware had just released a new version of VSphere with built in encryption. When his software developers wanted to move to containers, VMware had its Pivotal Container Services product.\nAnd when VMware bought SD WAN vendor VeloCloud, it just so happened that Fay was already a customer. At one point, Fay says he went with another vendor for hyperconverged infrastructure but switched back to VMware because its platform was the most mature and had the most functionality.\nFay says he appreciates other aspects of his relationship with VMware. There is no vendor lock in in terms of the underlying hardware. For example, NSX plugged directly into his Cisco networking gear. The result: \"You can have network functions virtualization pushed over any content distribution node you want, anywhere in the world. That was a paradigm shift, because you're no longer just managing the network, you're using it to drive innovation.\"\nFay says he is keeping his eye on VMware's cloud offering on AWS. The only thing holding him back right now from a full production deployment is the lack of availability zones. And he's looking forward to other VMware initiatives in areas of blockchain, edge computing and 5G.\nSimilarly, Adam Alicea, director of enterprise engineering at VITAS Healthcare Corp. , began his relationship with VMware through a server virtualization project. Eight years ago, when he joined the largest hospice care company in the U.S., VITAS was moving its data center from Miami to Smyrna, Ga., and his task was to migrate the company's 70 applications onto virtualized servers. After a 17 hour day, about 80 percent of the company's applications \u2013 many of them mission critical apps related to patient records \u2013 were running on the virtualized infrastructure, he says. And the company's footprint had been reduced from nearly a full cage in a colocation facility to 11 server racks. Today, that's down to six racks.\nFour years ago, when the in house electronic medical records system was pushing the company's SAN to the limit, Alicea switched to a VMware vSAN. Latency dropped from seconds to microseconds and the company realized a nearly 50 percent reduction in storage hardware acquisition costs. \"Everybody was wowed,\" Alicea says, and he was given the green light to develop and implement a five year plan that included deployment of a full software defined data center.\nOn the networking front, Alicea began re designing the core network, moving from Cisco gear to white box switches running the Cumulus Linux OS, boosting the network backbone from 10Gps to 40Gps and adopting a spine leaf architecture for increased resiliency.\nThe next step was adding VMware's NSX, which integrated with the storage and server virtualization systems to provide a single view of the entire data center stack. In addition, NSX provided network micro segmentation for security, as well as load balancing. \"It all made sense,\" Alicea says.\nHe is working with VMware in other areas as well, implementing virtual desktop infrastructure with VMware's Horizon View technology on NSX clusters. But he's also sticking to the best of breed approach. For example, after evaluating VMware's SD WAN technology, he decided to stick with his current implementation. VMware's Dell EMC connection, future plans\nNo discussion of VMware can be complete without mention of its somewhat convoluted ownership situation. Storage vendor EMC bought VMware in 2004 for $625 million and sold 15% of the company to the public via an IPO. In 2016, Dell, which was then privately held, borrowed $67 billion to buy EMC in a deal that stands as the largest ever in the industry. As part of that transaction, Dell issued something called \"tracking stock,\" a separate stock based on VMware's performance. Then, in December of 2018, Dell announced it was going public again and bought back the VMware tracking stock.\nNone of these machinations seem to have had much impact on the ground, according to both analysts and customers. Any efforts by Dell to increase synergies between the companies can only be good for customers, and these corporate changes haven't slowed down VMware's continued push into new markets. For example, Dell just announced an aggressive product roadmap for its HCI product line that features VMware's VxRail technology.\nAnd at the latest VMworld conference, the company announced several new initiatives. Project Dimension is a managed service that will bring software defined data center infrastructure and hardware as a service to on premises and edge locations. Project Magna is aimed at leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning to build self optimizing virtual infrastructures. And Project Concord is VMware's blockchain initiative.\nBut there is always a concern that if debt laden Dell hits a few rough quarters, it might scale back new echnology investments at VMware.\nSo far, however, the overall strategy seems to be working. Revenue for the latest quarter was $2.2 billion, up 14% from the same quarter of the previous year, and the company increased its full year revenue projections to nearly $8.9 billion. Quarterly earnings of $1.56 a share beat analyst estimates. And VMware stock, which dipped to a low of around $50 a share in 2016, is now above $150 a share.\nIndustry analysts are impressed. Forrester listed VMware's HCI offering as one of the leaders in the fast growing \"data center in a box\" market. IDC says VMware is the market leader in cloud management software at more than $900M in annual revenue, and is the market leader a new category called IT automation and configuration management. And Gartner puts VMware in a leadership position in WAN edge technology.\nWolf, not surprisingly, is bullish on VMware's future:\n\"We will be global leaders in infrastructure, networking, data management, end user computing, and we will revolutionize how applications and data are secured. We will empower customers to take open source projects into production, providing the reliability, scalability and operational consistency they require. Finally, we expect to continue to be a major force in cloud operations and management.\" Join the Network World communities on Facebook and LinkedIn to comment on topics that are top of mind. Related:", "URL": "https://www.networkworld.com/article/3340259/vmware-s-transformation-takes-hold.html"}, {"Title": "Cloud Storage Market: Increasing Demand With Key Players", "Text": "by Cloud Storage Market: Increasing Demand With Key Players\nCloud Storage Market is expected to reach $97,415 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 24.8% from 2016 to 2022. Cloud storage is a complete solution package offered by cloud storage providers such as Amazon Web Service, Inc., IBM Corporation, VMware, Inc., and many others to maintain, manage, and store all kind of data in a private or public data center, which is accessible through the Internet from multiple locations. Cloud provides easy access to data and security to all user types including large and small and medium enterprises.\nThe global cloud storage market is analyzed across North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and LAMEA. Major cloud computing providers offer cloud storage solutions across all developed and developing regions including North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. However, several underdeveloped regions such as Latin America, Middle East, and Africa with low ICT investment gradually adopt cloud storage solutions.\nThe global cloud storage market is segmented into private, public, and hybrid models based upon deployment mode. Hybrid model is a combination of both private and public deployment modes, which enables the users to control cloud space as per privacy requirement. In addition, the market includes several industry verticals such as Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI), government and education, healthcare, telecommunication & IT, retail, manufacturing, media & entertainment, and others. The scope for others segment in industry vertical includes business and professional services, logistics & transportation, and construction.\nDownload report sample at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request sample/2141?utm_source=as_opr\nThe global market for cloud storage industry was valued at $21,175 million in 2015, and is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 24.8% to reach $97,415 million by 2022. Growth in demand for low cost data storage, backup, and data protection augments the growth of the cloud storage market among several user groups including small, medium, and large enterprises. In addition, several industry verticals such as BFSI, retail, healthcare, and public sector with a large customer base tend to store critical business information of stakeholders in cloud storage, owing to data privacy and client information, which in turn augment the global cloud storage market growth.\nBased on component type, the global cloud storage market is segmented into two types, namely, software, and service. The major factors that influence the cloud storage solutions market is high level of cost savings on total cost of ownership and increase in need for data backup and protection by several user types including small, medium, and large enterprises. In the recent years, cloud storage providers are promoting cloud solutions across various geographical regions including North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and others to augment cloud adoption. Managed services are estimated to experience the highest growth rate during the forecast period as these services help reduce the time and cost linked with optimizing the system in the initial phase of deployment.\nKey players profiled in the report are Amazon Web Services, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, IBM Corporation, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP, Google, Inc., VMware, Inc., Oracle Corporation, EMC Corporation, Rackspace Hosting, Inc., and Red Hat, Inc. The report discusses the key strategies adopted by the companies in addition to the current trends, upcoming opportunities, and restraints in the market growth, with detailed information about their impacts.", "URL": "http://www.webnewswire.com/2019/01/16/cloud-storage-market-increasing-demand-with-key-players/"}, {"Title": "Cloud Storage Market Major Players Such as Amazon Web Services, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, IBM Corporation, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP, Google, Inc., VMware, Inc., Rackspace Hosting, Inc., Oracle Corporation, EMC Corporation, and Red Hat,", "Text": "Press release from: Allied Market Research Cloud Storage Market The hybrid deployment mode was the highest contributor in 2015, accounting for around 64.8% of the global market. This segment possesses high growth potential with extended use of both private and public cloud. Moreover, cloud storage adoption is expected to witness high growth rate, owing to primary consideration of data storage, document management, storage security, public portal management, and many other application needs by the growing number of SMEs in the regions including Asia Pacific and Latin America.Cloud Storage Market Report, published by Allied Market Research, forecasts that the global market size was valued at $21,175 million in 2015, and is projected to reach $97,415 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 24.8% from 2016 to 2022.Download report sample at: www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request sample/2141?utm_sour... The report features a competitive scenario of the cloud storage industry and provides comprehensive analysis of key growth strategies adopted by major players. Key players profiled in the study are Amazon Web Services, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, IBM Corporation, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP, Google, Inc., VMware, Inc., Rackspace Hosting, Inc., Oracle Corporation, EMC Corporation, and Red Hat, Inc. All these players are involved in competitive strategies including software innovation, business expansion, and partnership to augment the growth of the global cloud storage market.The services segment including professional and managed services are on high demand in cloud storage market, due to increase in need to manage data throughout the lifespan, from conception and storage to archiving at the appropriate space and time. Moreover, cost savings on total cost of ownership has also augmented the cloud storage market growth.For purchase enquiry at: www.alliedmarketresearch.com/purchase enquiry/2141?utm_so... North America was the largest market in cloud storage industry for 2015 owing to increase in demand for low cost data storage and faster data accessibility. In addition, there has been a growth in adoption of cloud storage solutions in the European region due to rise in concerns of data recovery and protection and upsurge of cloud adoption in several industry verticals including retail, healthcare, government, education, banking, insurance, and many others. The trend of strong cloud adoption in these developed regions has accelerated the growth of the cloud storage market.Hybrid deployment mode is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, owing to elasticity between private and public cloud, thus saving cloud cost and efficient data management. Furthermore, private cloud deployment mode also gains traction among SMEs due to lucrative business functions with lower cost and more effective operational solutions.Based on the geography, the cloud storage market is segmented into four major regions, namely, North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and LAMEA. North America was the highest revenue contributor in 2015, accounting for around 35.6% share of the overall cloud storage market size. The Asia Pacific market is projected to grow at the highest CAGR of 27.2% during the forecast period, driven by cloud adoption among SMEs from various sectors including insurance, retail, healthcare, business service providers, and many others.Access full summary report at: www.alliedmarketresearch.com/cloud storage market?utm_sou... Key Findings of the Study: Hybrid deployment mode accounted for the highest share of the cloud storage market in 2015, growing at a CAGR of 26.6%. North America generated the highest revenue in 2015, valued at $7,529 million. Asia Pacific dominated the market in terms of growth during the forecast period. The U.S. was leading in terms of cloud storage market in 2015. In addition, Canada, China, Australia, South Korea, and other emerging markets are projected to provide significant opportunities for major players.About Us:Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full service market research and business consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of \"Market Research Reports\" and \"Business Intelligence Solutions.\" AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry.Contact: 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220", "URL": "https://www.openpr.com/news/1472410/Cloud-Storage-Market-Major-Players-Such-as-Amazon-Web-Services-Inc-Microsoft-Corporation-IBM-Corporation-Hewlett-Packard-Enterprise-Development-LP-Google-Inc-VMware-Inc-Rackspace-Hosting-Inc-Oracle-Corporation-EMC-Corporation-and-Red-Hat.html"}, {"Title": "VMware\u2019s ongoing reinvention - IT News UG", "Text": "Home / Cloud Computing / VMware's ongoing reinvention VMware's ongoing reinvention This $35 Training Bundle Will Help You Get Certified In AWS 3 hours ago\nVMware's introduction of x86 server virtualization technology was a game changing event in the history of enterprise computing. But if you look at VMware's corporate messaging today, it's almost as if server virtualization has been scrubbed from the lexicon. Instead, VMware highlights its multi cloud strategies, software defined data centers, networking, hyperconverged infrastructures , security, SD WAN , containers, blockchain, IoT and more.\nSo, what's going on with VMware? If you created a nearly $6 billion industry, had more than 75% market share and did't really face much in the way of direct competition, why not just keep doing what you're doing? Is VMware just trying to latch onto all the latest buzzwords, or is there a method to the madness?\nAccording to analysts, it's been clear for some time that the server virtualization market is approaching a saturation point. Gartner reported that license revenues for x86 virtualization declined for the first time ever in the first quarter of 2016, with most enterprises reporting data center virtualization levels of 75% or higher. And by 2017, Gartner declared the server virtualization market so mature that it stopped doing its annual server virtualization Magic Quadrant reports altogether.\nMeanwhile, the threat to VMware goes beyond companies having virtualized pretty much every workload that can be virtualized. In a bid to reduce capital expenditures and increase business agility, organizations are trying to downsize their data centers and shift existing workloads to the cloud, either on SaaS platforms or cloud infrastructure from AWS or Azure. And as companies decide to go cloud native for all new applications, they are turning to cutting edge approaches like containerization , micro services and serverless computing , which don't require a traditional VM.\nIn short, VMware is a classic case of a company facing the \"innovator's dilemma,\" according to Jason Bloomberg, president of the analyst firm Intellyx. The decision boils down to whether to just keep milking the cash cow, or whether to try to catch the next wave of innovation and expand into new markets, even if that might mean cannibalizing the primary revenue stream.\nVMware, through a clever combination of targeted acquisitions and internal product development, has taken the innovation route, Bloomberg says, putting together an overarching \"VMware everywhere\" strategy with a broad product portfolio designed to help companies write, secure, manage and optimize applications wherever they are located.\nOr, as Chris Wolf, vice president and CTO, global field and industry, at VMware puts it: \"Applications and data are becoming increasingly distributed, with organizations operating across a number of data centers , public cloud providers, branch offices , edge locations , and more. Our strategy focuses on ensuring consistent infrastructure and consistent operations anywhere apps and data may reside and doing so while preserving a native developer experience.\"\nHaving pioneered x86 server virtualization, VMware set its sights on a broader range of virtualization opportunities in data center infrastructure. \"After software defined compute, it was clear to us early on that the rise of software defined storage and network virtualization were only a matter of time,\" Wolf says.\nThe company introduced vSAN storage virtualization in 2014, then used vSAN technology as the core of its VxRail hyperconverged infrastructure (HCI) appliance. VMware leveraged the acquisition of Nicira into its NSX network virtualization and security product. Armed with a fully integrated stack of virtualized compute, storage and networking technologies, VMware layered on management, automation and orchestration capabilities to create what it calls a software defined data center. This is a highly automated data center as a service offering that can be deployed in a private cloud , pubic cloud or hybrid cloud scenario.\nBut VMware wasn't done there. It bought AirWatch to extend application and data management, as well as security features, to end user's mobile devices. It bought SD WAN vendor VeloCloud to bring software defined technology to branch offices that needed to connect to the cloud. It enhanced its cloud management capabilities with the recent purchases of CloudHealth Technologies and Wavefront, which monitors cloud applications running in containers. And it recently purchased Kubernetes player Heptio as part of its strategy to enable DevOps teams to write applications on the platform of their choice.\nForrester analyst Chris Gardner gives VMware high marks for \"not sitting on their laurels.\" The move into hot new markets is showing results, he says, noting that the NSX business is already a major contributor the company's revenue stream. And he said that VMware's recent partnership with Amazon to offer software defined data centers on AWS is an exciting development with strong growth potential. With VMware Cloud on AWS , companies can migrate and extend their on prem VMware environments to the AWS bare metal cloud infrastructure.\nGardner does caution that in its push to develop new offerings, VMware sometimes goes a bit too far. \"They tend to have multiple solutions to every problem,\" he says, which can be confusing to customers. \"We believe software vendors need to be opinionated, to come to the table with a recommendation, not a Cheesecake Factory menu,\" Gardner says.\nVMware has other challenges as well. By expanding into new markets, VMware faces entirely new sets of competitors. It's going up against Nutanix in the HCI market, Cisco and Silver Peak in SD WAN , Cisco again in the software defined networking (SDN) market, and Microsoft and IBM in cloud system management.\nIn addition, analysts say VMware has been a little late to the cloud and containerization parties, and its strategy has not always been clear and consistent. For example, VMware at one point tried to offer its own cloud platform but torpedoed that effort and more recently teamed with Amazon to offer software defined data centers on AWS. This enables companies that have a VMware based data center or private cloud to extend that enterprise grade environment to the AWS bare metal cloud infrastructure with no heavy lifting. Similarly, VMware wants customers to run containers inside its own virtual machines, arguing that it can provide a development platform with the security, orchestration, integration and management features that organizations are accustomed to.\nCustomers who spoke to Network World say they are taking a pragmatic approach to VMware's rapidly expanding product lines, evaluating each new VMware offering on a case by case basis. They seem generally pleased, even surprised at how well VMware has been able to anticipate their evolving needs, and they say VMware's ability to integrate its products gives it a leg up over point solutions.\nRyan Fay, executive vice president and global CIO at ACI Specialty Benefits , began using VMware's virtualization products in the early 2000s when he was at a different company. \"It's been exciting to see what VMware has been able to do,\" he says. The company stuck with its core competency but continued to innovate into new areas at the same time, he says.\nIn 2009, Fay was hired at ACI, a provider of corporate benefits packages, to lead a digital transformation initiative. ACI had recently acquired four companies, its data footprint was growing at 300% a year, it had security, compliance and data governance issues, and the data center needed modernization.\nThe first step was a basic server hardware consolidation effort that led to the creation of 40,000 virtual machines, a move that saved the company an estimated 30 to 40 percent in CAPEX costs per year and helped with HIPAA and PCI compliance efforts.\nWhen Fay wanted to automate data center functionality, VMware was there with its software defined data center. When encryption for sensitive customer data became a priority, VMware had just released a new version of VSphere with built in encryption. When his software developers wanted to move to containers, VMware had its Pivotal Container Services product.\nAnd when VMware bought SD WAN vendor VeloCloud, it just so happened that Fay was already a customer. At one point, Fay says he went with another vendor for hyperconverged infrastructure but switched back to VMware because its platform was the most mature and had the most functionality.\nFay says he appreciates other aspects of his relationship with VMware. There is no vendor lock in in terms of the underlying hardware. For example, NSX plugged directly into his Cisco networking gear. The result: \"You can have network functions virtualization pushed over any content distribution node you want, anywhere in the world. That was a paradigm shift, because you're no longer just managing the network, you're using it to drive innovation.\"\nFay says he is keeping his eye on VMware's cloud offering on AWS. The only thing holding him back right now from a full production deployment is the lack of availability zones. And he's looking forward to other VMware initiatives in areas of blockchain, edge computing and 5G.\nSimilarly, Adam Alicea, director of enterprise engineering at VITAS Healthcare Corp. , began his relationship with VMware through a server virtualization project. Eight years ago, when he joined the largest hospice care company in the U.S., VITAS was moving its data center from Miami to Smyrna, Ga., and his task was to migrate the company's 70 applications onto virtualized servers. After a 17 hour day, about 80 percent of the company's applications \u2013 many of them mission critical apps related to patient records \u2013 were running on the virtualized infrastructure, he says. And the company's footprint had been reduced from nearly a full cage in a colocation facility to 11 server racks. Today, that's down to six racks.\nFour years ago, when the in house electronic medical records system was pushing the company's SAN to the limit, Alicea switched to a VMware vSAN. Latency dropped from seconds to microseconds and the company realized a nearly 50 percent reduction in storage hardware acquisition costs. \"Everybody was wowed,\" Alicea says, and he was given the green light to develop and implement a five year plan that included deployment of a full software defined data center.\nOn the networking front, Alicea began re designing the core network, moving from Cisco gear to white box switches running the Cumulus Linux OS, boosting the network backbone from 10Gps to 40Gps and adopting a spine leaf architecture for increased resiliency.\nThe next step was adding VMware's NSX, which integrated with the storage and server virtualization systems to provide a single view of the entire data center stack. In addition, NSX provided network micro segmentation for security, as well as load balancing. \"It all made sense,\" Alicea says.\nHe is working with VMware in other areas as well, implementing virtual desktop infrastructure with VMware's Horizon View technology on NSX clusters. But he's also sticking to the best of breed approach. For example, after evaluating VMware's SD WAN technology, he decided to stick with his current implementation.\nNo discussion of VMware can be complete without mention of its somewhat convoluted ownership situation. Storage vendor EMC bought VMware in 2004 for $625 million and sold 15% of the company to the public via an IPO. In 2016, Dell, which was then privately held, borrowed $67 billion to buy EMC in a deal that stands as the largest ever in the industry. As part of that transaction, Dell issued something called \"tracking stock,\" a separate stock based on VMware's performance. Then, in December of 2018, Dell announced it was going public again and bought back the VMware tracking stock.\nNone of these machinations seem to have had much impact on the ground, according to both analysts and customers. Any efforts by Dell to increase synergies between the companies can only be good for customers, and these corporate changes haven't slowed down VMware's continued push into new markets. For example, Dell just announced an aggressive product roadmap for its HCI product line that features VMware's VxRail technology.\nAnd at the latest VMworld conference, the company announced several new initiatives. Project Dimension is a managed service that will bring software defined data center infrastructure and hardware as a service to on premises and edge locations. Project Magna is aimed at leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning to build self optimizing virtual infrastructures. And Project Concord is VMware's blockchain initiative.\nBut there is always a concern that if debt laden Dell hits a few rough quarters, it might scale back new echnology investments at VMware.\nSo far, however, the overall strategy seems to be working. Revenue for the latest quarter was $2.2 billion, up 14% from the same quarter of the previous year, and the company increased its full year revenue projections to nearly $8.9 billion. Quarterly earnings of $1.56 a share beat analyst estimates. And VMware stock, which dipped to a low of around $50 a share in 2016, is now above $150 a share.\nIndustry analysts are impressed. Forrester listed VMware's HCI offering as one of the leaders in the fast growing \"data center in a box\" market. IDC says VMware is the market leader in cloud management software at more than $900M in annual revenue, and is the market leader a new category called IT automation and configuration management. And Gartner puts VMware in a leadership position in WAN edge technology.\nWolf, not surprisingly, is bullish on VMware's future:\n\"We will be global leaders in infrastructure, networking, data management, end user computing, and we will revolutionize how applications and data are secured. We will empower customers to take open source projects into production, providing the reliability, scalability and operational consistency they require. Finally, we expect to continue to be a major force in cloud operations and management.\" This story, \"VMware's ongoing reinvention\" was originally published by", "URL": "https://www.itnewsug.com/vmwares-ongoing-reinvention/"}, {"Title": "Cloud Storage Market by 2022 : Growth Opportunities, Top Key Players Such as Amazon Web Services, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, IBM Corporation, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP, Google, Inc., VMware, Inc., Rackspace Hosting, Inc., Oracle Corporat", "Text": "Press release from: Allied Market Research Cloud Storage The hybrid deployment mode was the highest contributor in 2015, accounting for around 64.8% of the global market. This segment possesses high growth potential with extended use of both private and public cloud. Moreover, cloud storage adoption is expected to witness high growth rate, owing to primary consideration of data storage, document management, storage security, public portal management, and many other application needs by the growing number of SMEs in the regions including Asia Pacific and Latin America.Cloud Storage Market Report, published by Allied Market Research, forecasts that the global market size was valued at $21,175 million in 2015, and is projected to reach $97,415 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 24.8% from 2016 to 2022.Download report sample at: www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request sample/2141?utm_sour... The report features a competitive scenario of the cloud storage industry and provides comprehensive analysis of key growth strategies adopted by major players. Key players profiled in the study are Amazon Web Services, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, IBM Corporation, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP, Google, Inc., VMware, Inc., Rackspace Hosting, Inc., Oracle Corporation, EMC Corporation, and Red Hat, Inc. All these players are involved in competitive strategies including software innovation, business expansion, and partnership to augment the growth of the global cloud storage market.The services segment including professional and managed services are on high demand in cloud storage market, due to increase in need to manage data throughout the lifespan, from conception and storage to archiving at the appropriate space and time. Moreover, cost savings on total cost of ownership has also augmented the cloud storage market growth.For purchase enquiry at: www.alliedmarketresearch.com/purchase enquiry/2141?utm_so... North America was the largest market in cloud storage industry for 2015 owing to increase in demand for low cost data storage and faster data accessibility. In addition, there has been a growth in adoption of cloud storage solutions in the European region due to rise in concerns of data recovery and protection and upsurge of cloud adoption in several industry verticals including retail, healthcare, government, education, banking, insurance, and many others. The trend of strong cloud adoption in these developed regions has accelerated the growth of the cloud storage market.Hybrid deployment mode is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, owing to elasticity between private and public cloud, thus saving cloud cost and efficient data management. Furthermore, private cloud deployment mode also gains traction among SMEs due to lucrative business functions with lower cost and more effective operational solutions.Access full summary report at: www.alliedmarketresearch.com/cloud storage market?utm_sou... Based on the geography, the cloud storage market is segmented into four major regions, namely, North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and LAMEA. North America was the highest revenue contributor in 2015, accounting for around 35.6% share of the overall cloud storage market size. The Asia Pacific market is projected to grow at the highest CAGR of 27.2% during the forecast period, driven by cloud adoption among SMEs from various sectors including insurance, retail, healthcare, business service providers, and many others.About Us:Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full service market research and business consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of \"Market Research Reports\" and \"Business Intelligence Solutions.\" AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry.Contact: 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220", "URL": "https://www.openpr.com/news/1466638/Cloud-Storage-Market-by-2022-Growth-Opportunities-Top-Key-Players-Such-as-Amazon-Web-Services-Inc-Microsoft-Corporation-IBM-Corporation-Hewlett-Packard-Enterprise-Development-LP-Google-Inc-VMware-Inc-Rackspace-Hosting-Inc-Oracle-Corporat.html"}, {"Title": "Disaster Recovery as a Service Market Size, Share, Leading Playe", "Text": "\"Disaster Recovery as a Service Market\" Disaster Recovery as a Service Market, By Service Type (Real Time Replication, Backup, Data Security), By Service Provider (Cloud, Managed, Telecom & Communications), By Deployment (Private, Public, Hybrid) \u2013 Forecast 2023\nMarket Highlights\nDisaster recovery as a service is defined as replication and hosting of data on physical or virtual servers by a third party that saves data in the event of any kind of catastrophe. Market Research Future (MRFR) has published and released a research report about the global disaster recovery as a service (DRaaS) market that estimates excessive expansion for this market with 44% CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) during the forecast period between 2017 and 2023. In terms of cash, the market is expected to rise to US $ 21 bn.\nAnalyzing the market structure, this report evaluates the future growth potential of the market. It observes the strategies of the key players in the market and follows the competitive developments like joint ventures, new product developments, mergers and acquisitions, research and developments (R & D) in the market.\nMajor factors driving the global disaster recovery as a service market include the rapid adoption of cloud based solution and generation of high volume of real time data for any event. Such technologies are being leveraged by DRaaS providers for delivering insights into catastrophic situation (manmade or natural). Providing credible, secure and scalable solution, DRaaS providers ensure that businesses remain active in the event of a disaster.\nGet a Free Sample @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3230\nMajor Key players\nNTT Communications (Japan) HP Enterprises Company (U.S.) Amazon Web Services (U.S.) Microsoft Corporation (U.S.) VMware Inc. (U.S.) Cisco Systems (U.S.) IBM Corporation (U.S.) Cable & Wireless Communications (U.K.) Sungard Availability Services (U.S.) Treo Information Technology (Turkey). Regional Analysis:\nThe regions covered in the report include North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), the Middle East & Africa (MEA). North America is expected to spearhead the global disaster recovery as a service market. Technologically advanced countries in the region presents exciting opportunities. Moreover, investment in cloud based solutions in the U.S. and Canada facilitates a faster adoption of advanced disaster recovery systems. Moreover, many prominent DRaaS providers are based in the region, which give North America an edge.\nThe market in APAC is projected to witness the highest growth rate during the forecast period. Increased adoption of DRaaS in countries such as India, Japan and China is supporting the market growth in the region. Europe is also expected to remain a key market for DRaaS over the next several years. In terms of adoption, countries such as Germany, France, the U.S. among others will remain at the forefront.\nSegmentation:\nThe deployment based segmentation segments this market into hybrid cloud, private cloud, and public cloud. On the basis of the service provider, the market has been segmented into cloud service provider, managed service provider, telecom & communication service provider, and others. By service type, the market has been segmented into backup service, data security service, professional services, real time replication, support & maintenance, system integration, and training & consulting. As per verticals, the market has been segmented into Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI), government, healthcare, Information Technology (IT) & Telecommunication manufacturing, media, retail, and others.\nThe regional segmentation of the global disaster recovery as a service market has been segmented into continent based regional markets known as the Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and rest of the world (RoW). According to the report, North America has been estimated to hold the largest market share. The key reasons for North America being the largest market include technological advancements and increasing investments in cloud based solutions. The most important country specific markets in this region are the United States of America (USA) and Canada. Many key players in the global DRaaS market are based in the USA.\nLatest Industry News\nThe joint federal/state/county disaster recovery center that has assisted the residents with the Kilauea eruption recovery has shut down permanently. 24 SEP 2018 Arcserve has introduced business continuity cloud, a new and the market's only cloud born solution to safeguard complex IT infrastructures amid growing data protection concerns. 9 OCT 2018 Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/disaster recovery service market 3230\nList of Figures\nFIGURE 1 RESEARCH TYPE\nFIGURE 2 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\nFIGURE 3 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE PROVIDER (%)\nFIGURE 4 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY DEPLOYMENT (%)\nFIGURE 5 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)\nFIGURE 6 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY REGIONS (%)\nFIGURE 7 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\nFIGURE 8 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE PROVIDER (%)\nFIGURE 9 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY DEPLOYMENT (%)\nFIGURE 10 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)\nFIGURE 11 EUROPE DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\n Market Research Future\nContact Person: Abhishek Sawant\n +1 646 845 9312\nAddress: Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar\nCity: Pune\nState: Maharashtra\nCountry: India\nWebsite: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/disaster recovery service market 3230\nPress Release Distributed by ABNewswire.com\nTo view the original version on ABNewswire visit: Disaster Recovery as a Service Market Size, Share, Leading Players, Current Trends, Market Challenges, Growth Drivers and Business Opportunities", "URL": "http://www.valleyscw.com/story/41026051/disaster-recovery-as-a-service-market-size-share-leading-players-current-trends-market-challenges-growth-drivers-and-business-opportunities"}, {"Title": "Disaster Recovery Service Size, Growth Opportunities, Trends by Manufacturers, Regions, Application & Forecast to 2023", "Text": "Disaster Recovery as a Service Market, By Service Type (Real Time Replication, Backup, Data Security), By Service Provider (Cloud, Managed, Telecom & Communications), By Deployment (Private, Public, Hybrid) Forecast 2023\nPune, India \nMarket Highlights\nDisaster recovery as a service is defined as replication and hosting of data on physical or virtual servers by a third party that saves data in the event of any kind of catastrophe. Market Research Future (MRFR) has published and released a research report about the global disaster recovery as a service (DRaaS) market that estimates excessive expansion for this market with 44% CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) during the forecast period between 2017 and 2023. In terms of cash, the market is expected to rise to US $ 21 bn.\nAnalyzing the market structure, this report evaluates the future growth potential of the market. It observes the strategies of the key players in the market and follows the competitive developments like joint ventures, new product developments, mergers and acquisitions, research and developments (R & D) in the market.\nMajor factors driving the global disaster recovery as a service market include the rapid adoption of cloud based solution and generation of high volume of real time data for any event. Such technologies are being leveraged by DRaaS providers for delivering insights into catastrophic situation (manmade or natural). Providing credible, secure and scalable solution, DRaaS providers ensure that businesses remain active in the event of a disaster.\nGet a Free Sample @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3230\nMajor Key players\nNTT Communications (Japan)\nHP Enterprises Company (U.S.)\nAmazon Web Services (U.S.)\nMicrosoft Corporation (U.S.)\nVMware Inc. (U.S.)\nCisco Systems (U.S.)\nIBM Corporation (U.S.)\nCable & Wireless Communications (U.K.)\nSungard Availability Services (U.S.)\nTreo Information Technology (Turkey).\nRegional Analysis:\nThe regions covered in the report include North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), the Middle East & Africa (MEA). North America is expected to spearhead the global disaster recovery as a service market. Technologically advanced countries in the region presents exciting opportunities. Moreover, investment in cloud based solutions in the U.S. and Canada facilitates a faster adoption of advanced disaster recovery systems. Moreover, many prominent DRaaS providers are based in the region, which give North America an edge.\nThe market in APAC is projected to witness the highest growth rate during Increased adoption of DRaaS in countries such as India, Japan and China is supporting the market growth in the region. Europe is also expected to remain a key market for DRaaS over the next several years. In terms of adoption, countries such as Germany, France, the U.S. among others will remain at the forefront.\nSegmentation:\nThe deployment based segmentation segments this market into hybrid cloud, private cloud, and public cloud. On the basis of the service provider, the market has been segmented into cloud service provider, managed service provider, telecom & communication service provider, and others. By service type, the market has been segmented into backup service, data security service, professional services, real time replication, support & maintenance, system integration, and training & consulting. As per verticals, the market has been segmented into Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI), government, healthcare, Information Technology (IT) & Telecommunication manufacturing, media, retail, and others.\nThe regional segmentation of the global disaster recovery as a service market has been segmented into continent based regional markets known as the Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and rest of the world (RoW). According to the report, North America has been estimated to hold the largest market share. The key reasons for North America being the largest market include technological advancements and increasing investments in cloud based solutions. The most important country specific markets in this region are the United States of America (USA) and Canada. Many key players in the global DRaaS market are based in the USA.\nLatest Industry News\nThe joint federal/state/county disaster recovery center that has assisted the residents with the Kilauea eruption recovery has shut down permanently. 24 SEP 2018\nArcserve has introduced business continuity cloud, a new and the market's only cloud born solution to safeguard complex IT infrastructures amid growing data protection concerns. 9 OCT 2018\nBrowse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/disaster recovery service market 3230\nList of Figures\nFIGURE 1 RESEARCH TYPE\nFIGURE 2 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\nFIGURE 3 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE PROVIDER (%)\nFIGURE 4 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY DEPLOYMENT (%)\nFIGURE 5 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)\nFIGURE 6 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY REGIONS (%)\nFIGURE 7 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\nFIGURE 8 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE PROVIDER (%)\nFIGURE 9 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY DEPLOYMENT (%)\nFIGURE 10 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)\nFIGURE 11 EUROPE DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\nContact Info:\nName: Abhishek Sawant\n Market Research Future\nWebsite: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/disaster recovery service market 3230\nSource URL: https://marketersmedia.com/disaster recovery service market size growth opportunities trends by manufacturers regions application forecast to 2023/88893436\n 88893436", "URL": "http://business.wapakdailynews.com/wapakdailynews/news/read/38524640/disaster_recovery_service_market_size"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "VMware, Inc.", "intensity": 11.0, "score": 32321, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "Abiquo", "Text": "abiquo.com What is Abiquo?\nAbiquo is a hybrid cloud management solution designed to simplify the task of company IT professionals, enabling them to fully manage, track, and secure their organization's cloud computing resources while allowing all members of the organization accomplish their goals unhindered. With Abiquo, companies have a unified cloud based management platform capable of handling both private and public cloud infrastructures. The software is built with the aim of helping IT workers control their cloud resources, manage their expenses, and secure their infrastructure while keeping their organization's overall productivity high.\nAbiquo has three deployment options: Abiquo On Premise, Abiquo SaaS, and Abiquo in Azure. Abiquo On Premise gives companies total freedom in the creation, utilization, and management of their hybrid cloud service. Abiquo SaaS, on the other hand, provides users with a comprehensive hybrid cloud management platform that is managed by Abiquo's experts. With Abiquo in Azure, users can run their own hybrid cloud service from Microsoft Azure and enjoy the same benefits of Abiquo On Premise. Overview of Abiquo Benefits\nSolid Foundation\nAbiquo's Hybrid Cloud Management solution delivers a robust foundation for your commercial true hybrid cloud service. Whether you offer managed services, Internet services, and managed hosting services, Abiquo lets you build a unique cloud service with your preference of computer, network, and storage, and easily integrate it with the public cloud services that your customers require.\nPowerful Capabilities\nWith Abiquo, you can easily incorporate your hybrid cloud management service with your existing back office systems, billing platforms, CMDB, and workflows. On top of that, you can customize the branding of the Abiquo portal to match yours and your organization's terminology.\nThe software allows you to leverage VMware NSX, OpenStack Neutron, and Veeam in adding Software Defined Networking, backup, and automation. Abiquo's integration capabilities via REST API brings more value to your managed services.\nCentralized Console For Visibility and Management\nAbiquo helps you create a clear picture of your hybrid cloud service. From a single, unified console, you can visualize, track, automate, manage, and scale your workloads effortlessly.\nUtilize Your Existing Systems\nAbiquo helps you get more value from your current resources and systems. Its REST API plus other integration capabilities allow for frictionless migration of your resources into Abiquo's centralized management hub. Overview of Abiquo Features Fully Customisable Self Service Portal Resource Allocation Pricing and Billing Engine with multi currency support Complete multi layered white labeling", "URL": "https://reviews.financesonline.com/p/abiquo/"}, {"Title": "Rapid Increase in End-use Adoption to Boost Cloud Infrastructure Manage Tools Market Revenue Growth", "Text": "Computer & Technology Rapid Increase in End use Adoption to Boost Cloud Infrastructure Manage Tools Market Revenue Growth Persistence Market Research has announced the addition of the \" Cloud Infrastructure Manage Tools Market to Register Steady Expansion During 2016 \u2013 2024\" report to their offering.\nPR Inside.com: 2019 01 02 11:58:21 Cloud infrastructure manage tools includes software and technologies designed for operating and monitoring applications, data and services offered through the cloud. Cloud infrastructure manage tools assist cloud computing service providers to check cloud computing based resources are working efficiently and smoothly, interacting with users and other services. Cloud infrastructure manage tools performs numerous tasks including performance monitoring, security and compliance reviewing, and supervise the disaster recovery plans. The adoption of cloud computing services is growing day by day with the demand for private, public, and hybrid cloud. As traditional IT management tools are not sufficient to manage all these cloud models, this industry strongly witnesses need for cloud infrastructure manage tools. Cloud Infrastructure Manage Tools are used for one of the following service models of cloud computing Software as a Service (SaaS) Platform as a Service (PaaS) Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) Increasing demand for agility, scalability and cost effective solution is driving market for cloud computing services and in turn propelling the growth of the global infrastructure manage tools market. Cloud computing is creating new shift in IT model. Cloud computing facilitates organizations towards adopting IT as a service. IT as a service provide business organization a more agile framework and increase their efficiency, at the same time, IT as a service is a complex phenomenon and requires continuous monitoring. Cloud infrastructure manage tools provide continuous monitoring of this complex IT as a service environment. However, business organizations' technological needs are changing very frequently, and to cope with these rapidly changing technological advancements is quite tedious for cloud infrastructure manage tools. Request for Report Sample : www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/10499 Cloud Infrastructure manage tools market on the basis of cloud type: Public Cloud : Public cloud services are accessible for any organization. In this service model, service provider provide access to all computing need such as storage, server, and networking for any organization. Public cloud services may be free or offered pay per use model. Private Cloud : Companies that have very critical data which is susceptible to security related threat generally have their own cloud, in order to protect their data from external threat. Hybrid Cloud : Hybrid cloud is combination of public as well as private cloud and is used to perform distinct functions within the same organizations. Number of vendors such as VMware and HP have designed cloud infrastructure manage tools. Each tool uses a variety of methods to warn of impeding problems or send a red flag when certain problem occurs. North America is the largest market of cloud computing, hence poses huge opportunity for developer of cloud infrastructure manage tools.. Most of the developers of cloud infrastructure manage tools such as IBM Corporation, Microsoft Corporation are also headquartered in the U.S. and have large network of channel partners. European Cloud Computing Strategy (ECCS) is an Initiative established by the European Commission in Europe to promote the adoption of cloud computing services is likely to boost cloud infrastructure manage tools market. VMware, Inc., IBM Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, Cisco Systems, and CA Technologies are few of the leading players of global cloud infrastructure manage tools market. Request for Report TOC : www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/10499 Press Information", "URL": "http://www.pr-inside.com/rapid-increase-in-end-use-adoption-to-boost-cloud--r4719935.htm"}, {"Title": "VMware\u2019s ongoing reinvention", "Text": "What's the future of server virtualization?\nAccording to analysts, it's been clear for some time that the server virtualization market is approaching a saturation point. Gartner reported that license revenues for x86 virtualization declined for the first time ever in the first quarter of 2016, with most enterprises reporting data center virtualization levels of 75% or higher. And by 2017, Gartner declared the server virtualization market so mature that it stopped doing its annual server virtualization Magic Quadrant reports altogether.\nMeanwhile, the threat to VMware goes beyond companies having virtualized pretty much every workload that can be virtualized. In a bid to reduce capital expenditures and increase business agility, organizations are trying to downsize their data centers and shift existing workloads to the cloud, either on SaaS platforms or cloud infrastructure from AWS or Azure. And as companies decide to go cloud native for all new applications, they are turning to cutting edge approaches like containerization , micro services and serverless computing , which don't require a traditional VM.\nIn short, VMware is a classic case of a company facing the \"innovator's dilemma,\" according to Jason Bloomberg, president of the analyst firm Intellyx. The decision boils down to whether to just keep milking the cash cow, or whether to try to catch the next wave of innovation and expand into new markets, even if that might mean cannibalizing the primary revenue stream.\nVMware, through a clever combination of targeted acquisitions and internal product development, has taken the innovation route, Bloomberg says, putting together an overarching \"VMware everywhere\" strategy with a broad product portfolio designed to help companies write, secure, manage and optimize applications wherever they are located.\nOr, as Chris Wolf, vice president and CTO, global field and industry, at VMware puts it: \"Applications and data are becoming increasingly distributed, with organizations operating across a number of data centers , public cloud providers, branch offices , edge locations , and more. Our strategy focuses on ensuring consistent infrastructure and consistent operations anywhere apps and data may reside and doing so while preserving a native developer experience.\" VMware expands virtualization in the data center\nHaving pioneered x86 server virtualization, VMware set its sights on a broader range of virtualization opportunities in data center infrastructure. \"After software defined compute, it was clear to us early on that the rise of software defined storage and network virtualization were only a matter of time,\" Wolf says.\nThe company introduced vSAN storage virtualization in 2014, then used vSAN technology as the core of its VxRail hyperconverged infrastructure (HCI) appliance. VMware leveraged the acquisition of Nicira into its NSX network virtualization and security product. Armed with a fully integrated stack of virtualized compute, storage and networking technologies, VMware layered on management, automation and orchestration capabilities to create what it calls a software defined data center. This is a highly automated data center as a service offering that can be deployed in a private cloud , pubic cloud or hybrid cloud scenario.\nBut VMware wasn't done there. It bought AirWatch to extend application and data management, as well as security features, to end user's mobile devices. It bought SD WAN vendor VeloCloud to bring software defined technology to branch offices that needed to connect to the cloud. It enhanced its cloud management capabilities with the recent purchases of CloudHealth Technologies and Wavefront, which monitors cloud applications running in containers. And it recently purchased Kubernetes player Heptio as part of its strategy to enable DevOps teams to write applications on the platform of their choice.\nForrester analyst Chris Gardner gives VMware high marks for \"not sitting on their laurels.\" The move into hot new markets is showing results, he says, noting that the NSX business is already a major contributor the company's revenue stream. And he said that VMware's recent partnership with Amazon to offer software defined data centers on AWS is an exciting development with strong growth potential. With VMware Cloud on AWS , companies can migrate and extend their on prem VMware environments to the AWS bare metal cloud infrastructure.\nGardner does caution that in its push to develop new offerings, VMware sometimes goes a bit too far. \"They tend to have multiple solutions to every problem,\" he says, which can be confusing to customers. \"We believe software vendors need to be opinionated, to come to the table with a recommendation, not a Cheesecake Factory menu,\" Gardner says.\nVMware has other challenges as well. By expanding into new markets, VMware faces entirely new sets of competitors. It's going up against Nutanix in the HCI market, Cisco and Silver Peak in SD WAN , Cisco again in the software defined networking (SDN) market, and Microsoft and IBM in cloud system management.\nIn addition, analysts say VMware has been a little late to the cloud and containerization parties, and its strategy has not always been clear and consistent. For example, VMware at one point tried to offer its own cloud platform but torpedoed that effort and more recently teamed with Amazon to offer software defined data centers on AWS. This enables companies that have a VMware based data center or private cloud to extend that enterprise grade environment to the AWS bare metal cloud infrastructure with no heavy lifting. Similarly, VMware wants customers to run containers inside its own virtual machines, arguing that it can provide a development platform with the security, orchestration, integration and management features that organizations are accustomed to.\nCustomers who spoke to Network World say they are taking a pragmatic approach to VMware's rapidly expanding product lines, evaluating each new VMware offering on a case by case basis. They seem generally pleased, even surprised at how well VMware has been able to anticipate their evolving needs, and they say VMware's ability to integrate its products gives it a leg up over point solutions. VMware customers grow into vSAN, NSX and SDDC\nRyan Fay, executive vice president and global CIO at ACI Specialty Benefits , began using VMware's virtualization products in the early 2000s when he was at a different company. \"It's been exciting to see what VMware has been able to do,\" he says. The company stuck with its core competency but continued to innovate into new areas at the same time, he says.\nIn 2009, Fay was hired at ACI, a provider of corporate benefits packages, to lead a digital transformation initiative. ACI had recently acquired four companies, its data footprint was growing at 300% a year, it had security, compliance and data governance issues, and the data center needed modernization.\nThe first step was a basic server hardware consolidation effort that led to the creation of 40,000 virtual machines, a move that saved the company an estimated 30 to 40 percent in CAPEX costs per year and helped with HIPAA and PCI compliance efforts.\nWhen Fay wanted to automate data center functionality, VMware was there with its software defined data center. When encryption for sensitive customer data became a priority, VMware had just released a new version of VSphere with built in encryption. When his software developers wanted to move to containers, VMware had its Pivotal Container Services product.\nAnd when VMware bought SD WAN vendor VeloCloud, it just so happened that Fay was already a customer. At one point, Fay says he went with another vendor for hyperconverged infrastructure but switched back to VMware because its platform was the most mature and had the most functionality.\nFay says he appreciates other aspects of his relationship with VMware. There is no vendor lock in in terms of the underlying hardware. For example, NSX plugged directly into his Cisco networking gear. The result: \"You can have network functions virtualization pushed over any content distribution node you want, anywhere in the world. That was a paradigm shift, because you're no longer just managing the network, you're using it to drive innovation.\"\nFay says he is keeping his eye on VMware's cloud offering on AWS. The only thing holding him back right now from a full production deployment is the lack of availability zones. And he's looking forward to other VMware initiatives in areas of blockchain, edge computing and 5G.\nSimilarly, Adam Alicea, director of enterprise engineering at VITAS Heathcare Corp. , began his relationship with VMware through a server virtualization project. Eight years ago, when he joined the largest hospice care company in the U.S., VITAS was moving its data center from Miami to Smyrna, Ga., and his task was to migrate the company's 70 applications onto virtualized servers. After a 17 hour day, about 80 percent of the company's applications \u2013 many of them mission critical apps related to patient records \u2013 were running on the virtualized infrastructure, he says. And the company's footprint had been reduced from nearly a full cage in a colocation facility to 11 server racks. Today, that's down to six racks.\nFour years ago, when the in house electronic medical records system was pushing the company's SAN to the limit, Alicea switched to a VMware vSAN. Latency dropped from seconds to microseconds and the company realized a nearly 50 percent reduction in storage hardware acquisition costs. \"Everybody was wowed,\" Alicea says, and he was given the green light to develop and implement a five year plan that included deployment of a full software defined data center.\nOn the networking front, Alicea began re designing the core network, moving from Cisco gear to white box switches running the Cumulus Linux OS, boosting the network backbone from 10Gps to 40Gps and adopting a spine leaf architecture for increased resiliency.\nThe next step was adding VMware's NSX, which integrated with the storage and server virtualization systems to provide a single view of the entire data center stack. In addition, NSX provided network micro segmentation for security, as well as load balancing. \"It all made sense,\" Alicea says.\nHe is working with VMware in other areas as well, implementing virtual desktop infrastructure with VMware's Horizon View technology on NSX clusters. But he's also sticking to the best of breed approach. For example, after evaluating VMware's SD WAN technology, he decided to stick with his current implementation. VMware's Dell EMC connection, future plans\nNo discussion of VMware can be complete without mention of its somewhat convoluted ownership situation. Storage vendor EMC bought VMware in 2004 for $625 million and sold 15% of the company to the public via an IPO. In 2016, Dell, which was then privately held, borrowed $67 billion to buy EMC in a deal that stands as the largest ever in the industry. As part of that transaction, Dell issued something called \"tracking stock,\" a separate stock based on VMware's performance. Then, in December of 2018, Dell announced it was going public again and bought back the VMware tracking stock.\nNone of these machinations seem to have had much impact on the ground, according to both analysts and customers. Any efforts by Dell to increase synergies between the companies can only be good for customers, and these corporate changes haven't slowed down VMware's continued push into new markets. For example, Dell just announced an aggressive product roadmap for its HCI product line that features VMware's VxRail technology.\nAnd at the latest VMworld conference, the company announced several new initiatives. Project Dimension is a managed service that will bring software defined data center infrastructure and hardware as a service to on premises and edge locations. Project Magna is aimed at leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning to build self optimizing virtual infrastructures. And Project Concord is VMware's blockchain initiative.\nBut there is always a concern that if debt laden Dell hits a few rough quarters, it might scale back new echnology investments at VMware.\nSo far, however, the overall strategy seems to be working. Revenue for the latest quarter was $2.2 billion, up 14% from the same quarter of the previous year, and the company increased its full year revenue projections to nearly $8.9 billion. Quarterly earnings of $1.56 a share beat analyst estimates. And VMware stock, which dipped to a low of around $50 a share in 2016, is now above $150 a share.\nIndustry analysts are impressed. Forrester listed VMware's HCI offering as one of the leaders in the fast growing \"data center in a box\" market. IDC says VMware is the market leader in cloud management software at more than $900M in annual revenue, and is the market leader a new category called IT automation and configuration management. And Gartner puts VMware in a leadership position in WAN edge technology.\nWolf, not surprisingly, is bullish on VMware's future:\n\"We will be global leaders in infrastructure, networking, data management, end user computing, and we will revolutionize how applications and data are secured. We will empower customers to take open source projects into production, providing the reliability, scalability and operational consistency they require. Finally, we expect to continue to be a major force in cloud operations and management.\" Join the newsletter!", "URL": "https://www.networkworld.com/article/3340259/virtualization/vmware-s-transformation-takes-hold.html"}, {"Title": "VMware\u2019s ongoing reinvention | Network World", "Text": "What's the future of server virtualization?\nSo, what's going on with VMware? If you created a nearly $6 billion industry, had more than 75% market share and did't really face much in the way of direct competition, why not just keep doing what you're doing? Is VMware just trying to latch onto all the latest buzzwords, or is there a method to the madness?\nAccording to analysts, it's been clear for some time that the server virtualization market is approaching a saturation point. Gartner reported that license revenues for x86 virtualization declined for the first time ever in the first quarter of 2016, with most enterprises reporting data center virtualization levels of 75% or higher. And by 2017, Gartner declared the server virtualization market so mature that it stopped doing its annual server virtualization Magic Quadrant reports altogether.\nMeanwhile, the threat to VMware goes beyond companies having virtualized pretty much every workload that can be virtualized. In a bid to reduce capital expenditures and increase business agility, organizations are trying to downsize their data centers and shift existing workloads to the cloud, either on SaaS platforms or cloud infrastructure from AWS or Azure. And as companies decide to go cloud native for all new applications, they are turning to cutting edge approaches like containerization , micro services and serverless computing , which don't require a traditional VM.\nIn short, VMware is a classic case of a company facing the \"innovator's dilemma,\" according to Jason Bloomberg, president of the analyst firm Intellyx. The decision boils down to whether to just keep milking the cash cow, or whether to try to catch the next wave of innovation and expand into new markets, even if that might mean cannibalizing the primary revenue stream.\nVMware, through a clever combination of targeted acquisitions and internal product development, has taken the innovation route, Bloomberg says, putting together an overarching \"VMware everywhere\" strategy with a broad product portfolio designed to help companies write, secure, manage and optimize applications wherever they are located.\nOr, as Chris Wolf, vice president and CTO, global field and industry, at VMware puts it: \"Applications and data are becoming increasingly distributed, with organizations operating across a number of data centers , public cloud providers, branch offices , edge locations , and more. Our strategy focuses on ensuring consistent infrastructure and consistent operations anywhere apps and data may reside and doing so while preserving a native developer experience.\" VMware expands virtualization in the data center\nHaving pioneered x86 server virtualization, VMware set its sights on a broader range of virtualization opportunities in data center infrastructure. \"After software defined compute, it was clear to us early on that the rise of software defined storage and network virtualization were only a matter of time,\" Wolf says.\nThe company introduced vSAN storage virtualization in 2014, then used vSAN technology as the core of its VxRail hyperconverged infrastructure (HCI) appliance. VMware leveraged the acquisition of Nicira into its NSX network virtualization and security product. Armed with a fully integrated stack of virtualized compute, storage and networking technologies, VMware layered on management, automation and orchestration capabilities to create what it calls a software defined data center. This is a highly automated data center as a service offering that can be deployed in a private cloud , pubic cloud or hybrid cloud scenario.\nBut VMware wasn't done there. It bought AirWatch to extend application and data management, as well as security features, to end user's mobile devices. It bought SD WAN vendor VeloCloud to bring software defined technology to branch offices that needed to connect to the cloud. It enhanced its cloud management capabilities with the recent purchases of CloudHealth Technologies and Wavefront, which monitors cloud applications running in containers. And it recently purchased Kubernetes player Heptio as part of its strategy to enable DevOps teams to write applications on the platform of their choice.\nForrester analyst Chris Gardner gives VMware high marks for \"not sitting on their laurels.\" The move into hot new markets is showing results, he says, noting that the NSX business is already a major contributor the company's revenue stream. And he said that VMware's recent partnership with Amazon to offer software defined data centers on AWS is an exciting development with strong growth potential. With VMware Cloud on AWS , companies can migrate and extend their on prem VMware environments to the AWS bare metal cloud infrastructure.\nGardner does caution that in its push to develop new offerings, VMware sometimes goes a bit too far. \"They tend to have multiple solutions to every problem,\" he says, which can be confusing to customers. \"We believe software vendors need to be opinionated, to come to the table with a recommendation, not a Cheesecake Factory menu,\" Gardner says.\nVMware has other challenges as well. By expanding into new markets, VMware faces entirely new sets of competitors. It's going up against Nutanix in the HCI market, Cisco and Silver Peak in SD WAN , Cisco again in the software defined networking (SDN) market, and Microsoft and IBM in cloud system management.\nIn addition, analysts say VMware has been a little late to the cloud and containerization parties, and its strategy has not always been clear and consistent. For example, VMware at one point tried to offer its own cloud platform but torpedoed that effort and more recently teamed with Amazon to offer software defined data centers on AWS. This enables companies that have a VMware based data center or private cloud to extend that enterprise grade environment to the AWS bare metal cloud infrastructure with no heavy lifting. Similarly, VMware wants customers to run containers inside its own virtual machines, arguing that it can provide a development platform with the security, orchestration, integration and management features that organizations are accustomed to.\nCustomers who spoke to Network World say they are taking a pragmatic approach to VMware's rapidly expanding product lines, evaluating each new VMware offering on a case by case basis. They seem generally pleased, even surprised at how well VMware has been able to anticipate their evolving needs, and they say VMware's ability to integrate its products gives it a leg up over point solutions. VMware customers grow into vSAN, NSX and SDDC\nRyan Fay, executive vice president and global CIO at ACI Specialty Benefits , began using VMware's virtualization products in the early 2000s when he was at a different company. \"It's been exciting to see what VMware has been able to do,\" he says. The company stuck with its core competency but continued to innovate into new areas at the same time, he says.\nIn 2009, Fay was hired at ACI, a provider of corporate benefits packages, to lead a digital transformation initiative. ACI had recently acquired four companies, its data footprint was growing at 300% a year, it had security, compliance and data governance issues, and the data center needed modernization.\nThe first step was a basic server hardware consolidation effort that led to the creation of 40,000 virtual machines, a move that saved the company an estimated 30 to 40 percent in CAPEX costs per year and helped with HIPAA and PCI compliance efforts.\nWhen Fay wanted to automate data center functionality, VMware was there with its software defined data center. When encryption for sensitive customer data became a priority, VMware had just released a new version of VSphere with built in encryption. When his software developers wanted to move to containers, VMware had its Pivotal Container Services product.\nAnd when VMware bought SD WAN vendor VeloCloud, it just so happened that Fay was already a customer. At one point, Fay says he went with another vendor for hyperconverged infrastructure but switched back to VMware because its platform was the most mature and had the most functionality.\nFay says he appreciates other aspects of his relationship with VMware. There is no vendor lock in in terms of the underlying hardware. For example, NSX plugged directly into his Cisco networking gear. The result: \"You can have network functions virtualization pushed over any content distribution node you want, anywhere in the world. That was a paradigm shift, because you're no longer just managing the network, you're using it to drive innovation.\"\nFay says he is keeping his eye on VMware's cloud offering on AWS. The only thing holding him back right now from a full production deployment is the lack of availability zones. And he's looking forward to other VMware initiatives in areas of blockchain, edge computing and 5G.\nSimilarly, Adam Alicea, director of enterprise engineering at VITAS Healthcare Corp. , began his relationship with VMware through a server virtualization project. Eight years ago, when he joined the largest hospice care company in the U.S., VITAS was moving its data center from Miami to Smyrna, Ga., and his task was to migrate the company's 70 applications onto virtualized servers. After a 17 hour day, about 80 percent of the company's applications \u2013 many of them mission critical apps related to patient records \u2013 were running on the virtualized infrastructure, he says. And the company's footprint had been reduced from nearly a full cage in a colocation facility to 11 server racks. Today, that's down to six racks.\nFour years ago, when the in house electronic medical records system was pushing the company's SAN to the limit, Alicea switched to a VMware vSAN. Latency dropped from seconds to microseconds and the company realized a nearly 50 percent reduction in storage hardware acquisition costs. \"Everybody was wowed,\" Alicea says, and he was given the green light to develop and implement a five year plan that included deployment of a full software defined data center.\nOn the networking front, Alicea began re designing the core network, moving from Cisco gear to white box switches running the Cumulus Linux OS, boosting the network backbone from 10Gps to 40Gps and adopting a spine leaf architecture for increased resiliency.\nThe next step was adding VMware's NSX, which integrated with the storage and server virtualization systems to provide a single view of the entire data center stack. In addition, NSX provided network micro segmentation for security, as well as load balancing. \"It all made sense,\" Alicea says.\nHe is working with VMware in other areas as well, implementing virtual desktop infrastructure with VMware's Horizon View technology on NSX clusters. But he's also sticking to the best of breed approach. For example, after evaluating VMware's SD WAN technology, he decided to stick with his current implementation. VMware's Dell EMC connection, future plans\nNo discussion of VMware can be complete without mention of its somewhat convoluted ownership situation. Storage vendor EMC bought VMware in 2004 for $625 million and sold 15% of the company to the public via an IPO. In 2016, Dell, which was then privately held, borrowed $67 billion to buy EMC in a deal that stands as the largest ever in the industry. As part of that transaction, Dell issued something called \"tracking stock,\" a separate stock based on VMware's performance. Then, in December of 2018, Dell announced it was going public again and bought back the VMware tracking stock.\nNone of these machinations seem to have had much impact on the ground, according to both analysts and customers. Any efforts by Dell to increase synergies between the companies can only be good for customers, and these corporate changes haven't slowed down VMware's continued push into new markets. For example, Dell just announced an aggressive product roadmap for its HCI product line that features VMware's VxRail technology.\nAnd at the latest VMworld conference, the company announced several new initiatives. Project Dimension is a managed service that will bring software defined data center infrastructure and hardware as a service to on premises and edge locations. Project Magna is aimed at leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning to build self optimizing virtual infrastructures. And Project Concord is VMware's blockchain initiative.\nBut there is always a concern that if debt laden Dell hits a few rough quarters, it might scale back new echnology investments at VMware.\nSo far, however, the overall strategy seems to be working. Revenue for the latest quarter was $2.2 billion, up 14% from the same quarter of the previous year, and the company increased its full year revenue projections to nearly $8.9 billion. Quarterly earnings of $1.56 a share beat analyst estimates. And VMware stock, which dipped to a low of around $50 a share in 2016, is now above $150 a share.\nIndustry analysts are impressed. Forrester listed VMware's HCI offering as one of the leaders in the fast growing \"data center in a box\" market. IDC says VMware is the market leader in cloud management software at more than $900M in annual revenue, and is the market leader a new category called IT automation and configuration management. And Gartner puts VMware in a leadership position in WAN edge technology.\nWolf, not surprisingly, is bullish on VMware's future:\n\"We will be global leaders in infrastructure, networking, data management, end user computing, and we will revolutionize how applications and data are secured. We will empower customers to take open source projects into production, providing the reliability, scalability and operational consistency they require. Finally, we expect to continue to be a major force in cloud operations and management.\" Join the Network World communities on Facebook and LinkedIn to comment on topics that are top of mind. Related:", "URL": "https://www.networkworld.com/article/3340259/vmware-s-transformation-takes-hold.html"}, {"Title": "Cloud Storage Market: Increasing Demand With Key Players", "Text": "by Cloud Storage Market: Increasing Demand With Key Players\nCloud Storage Market is expected to reach $97,415 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 24.8% from 2016 to 2022. Cloud storage is a complete solution package offered by cloud storage providers such as Amazon Web Service, Inc., IBM Corporation, VMware, Inc., and many others to maintain, manage, and store all kind of data in a private or public data center, which is accessible through the Internet from multiple locations. Cloud provides easy access to data and security to all user types including large and small and medium enterprises.\nThe global cloud storage market is analyzed across North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and LAMEA. Major cloud computing providers offer cloud storage solutions across all developed and developing regions including North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. However, several underdeveloped regions such as Latin America, Middle East, and Africa with low ICT investment gradually adopt cloud storage solutions.\nThe global cloud storage market is segmented into private, public, and hybrid models based upon deployment mode. Hybrid model is a combination of both private and public deployment modes, which enables the users to control cloud space as per privacy requirement. In addition, the market includes several industry verticals such as Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI), government and education, healthcare, telecommunication & IT, retail, manufacturing, media & entertainment, and others. The scope for others segment in industry vertical includes business and professional services, logistics & transportation, and construction.\nDownload report sample at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request sample/2141?utm_source=as_opr\nThe global market for cloud storage industry was valued at $21,175 million in 2015, and is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 24.8% to reach $97,415 million by 2022. Growth in demand for low cost data storage, backup, and data protection augments the growth of the cloud storage market among several user groups including small, medium, and large enterprises. In addition, several industry verticals such as BFSI, retail, healthcare, and public sector with a large customer base tend to store critical business information of stakeholders in cloud storage, owing to data privacy and client information, which in turn augment the global cloud storage market growth.\nBased on component type, the global cloud storage market is segmented into two types, namely, software, and service. The major factors that influence the cloud storage solutions market is high level of cost savings on total cost of ownership and increase in need for data backup and protection by several user types including small, medium, and large enterprises. In the recent years, cloud storage providers are promoting cloud solutions across various geographical regions including North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and others to augment cloud adoption. Managed services are estimated to experience the highest growth rate during the forecast period as these services help reduce the time and cost linked with optimizing the system in the initial phase of deployment.\nKey players profiled in the report are Amazon Web Services, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, IBM Corporation, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP, Google, Inc., VMware, Inc., Oracle Corporation, EMC Corporation, Rackspace Hosting, Inc., and Red Hat, Inc. The report discusses the key strategies adopted by the companies in addition to the current trends, upcoming opportunities, and restraints in the market growth, with detailed information about their impacts.", "URL": "http://www.webnewswire.com/2019/01/16/cloud-storage-market-increasing-demand-with-key-players/"}, {"Title": "Cloud Storage Market Major Players Such as Amazon Web Services, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, IBM Corporation, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP, Google, Inc., VMware, Inc., Rackspace Hosting, Inc., Oracle Corporation, EMC Corporation, and Red Hat,", "Text": "Press release from: Allied Market Research Cloud Storage Market The hybrid deployment mode was the highest contributor in 2015, accounting for around 64.8% of the global market. This segment possesses high growth potential with extended use of both private and public cloud. Moreover, cloud storage adoption is expected to witness high growth rate, owing to primary consideration of data storage, document management, storage security, public portal management, and many other application needs by the growing number of SMEs in the regions including Asia Pacific and Latin America.Cloud Storage Market Report, published by Allied Market Research, forecasts that the global market size was valued at $21,175 million in 2015, and is projected to reach $97,415 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 24.8% from 2016 to 2022.Download report sample at: www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request sample/2141?utm_sour... The report features a competitive scenario of the cloud storage industry and provides comprehensive analysis of key growth strategies adopted by major players. Key players profiled in the study are Amazon Web Services, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, IBM Corporation, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP, Google, Inc., VMware, Inc., Rackspace Hosting, Inc., Oracle Corporation, EMC Corporation, and Red Hat, Inc. All these players are involved in competitive strategies including software innovation, business expansion, and partnership to augment the growth of the global cloud storage market.The services segment including professional and managed services are on high demand in cloud storage market, due to increase in need to manage data throughout the lifespan, from conception and storage to archiving at the appropriate space and time. Moreover, cost savings on total cost of ownership has also augmented the cloud storage market growth.For purchase enquiry at: www.alliedmarketresearch.com/purchase enquiry/2141?utm_so... North America was the largest market in cloud storage industry for 2015 owing to increase in demand for low cost data storage and faster data accessibility. In addition, there has been a growth in adoption of cloud storage solutions in the European region due to rise in concerns of data recovery and protection and upsurge of cloud adoption in several industry verticals including retail, healthcare, government, education, banking, insurance, and many others. The trend of strong cloud adoption in these developed regions has accelerated the growth of the cloud storage market.Hybrid deployment mode is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, owing to elasticity between private and public cloud, thus saving cloud cost and efficient data management. Furthermore, private cloud deployment mode also gains traction among SMEs due to lucrative business functions with lower cost and more effective operational solutions.Based on the geography, the cloud storage market is segmented into four major regions, namely, North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and LAMEA. North America was the highest revenue contributor in 2015, accounting for around 35.6% share of the overall cloud storage market size. The Asia Pacific market is projected to grow at the highest CAGR of 27.2% during the forecast period, driven by cloud adoption among SMEs from various sectors including insurance, retail, healthcare, business service providers, and many others.Access full summary report at: www.alliedmarketresearch.com/cloud storage market?utm_sou... Key Findings of the Study: Hybrid deployment mode accounted for the highest share of the cloud storage market in 2015, growing at a CAGR of 26.6%. North America generated the highest revenue in 2015, valued at $7,529 million. Asia Pacific dominated the market in terms of growth during the forecast period. The U.S. was leading in terms of cloud storage market in 2015. In addition, Canada, China, Australia, South Korea, and other emerging markets are projected to provide significant opportunities for major players.About Us:Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full service market research and business consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of \"Market Research Reports\" and \"Business Intelligence Solutions.\" AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry.Contact: 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220", "URL": "https://www.openpr.com/news/1472410/Cloud-Storage-Market-Major-Players-Such-as-Amazon-Web-Services-Inc-Microsoft-Corporation-IBM-Corporation-Hewlett-Packard-Enterprise-Development-LP-Google-Inc-VMware-Inc-Rackspace-Hosting-Inc-Oracle-Corporation-EMC-Corporation-and-Red-Hat.html"}, {"Title": "VMware\u2019s ongoing reinvention - IT News UG", "Text": "Home / Cloud Computing / VMware's ongoing reinvention VMware's ongoing reinvention This $35 Training Bundle Will Help You Get Certified In AWS 3 hours ago\nVMware's introduction of x86 server virtualization technology was a game changing event in the history of enterprise computing. But if you look at VMware's corporate messaging today, it's almost as if server virtualization has been scrubbed from the lexicon. Instead, VMware highlights its multi cloud strategies, software defined data centers, networking, hyperconverged infrastructures , security, SD WAN , containers, blockchain, IoT and more.\nSo, what's going on with VMware? If you created a nearly $6 billion industry, had more than 75% market share and did't really face much in the way of direct competition, why not just keep doing what you're doing? Is VMware just trying to latch onto all the latest buzzwords, or is there a method to the madness?\nAccording to analysts, it's been clear for some time that the server virtualization market is approaching a saturation point. Gartner reported that license revenues for x86 virtualization declined for the first time ever in the first quarter of 2016, with most enterprises reporting data center virtualization levels of 75% or higher. And by 2017, Gartner declared the server virtualization market so mature that it stopped doing its annual server virtualization Magic Quadrant reports altogether.\nMeanwhile, the threat to VMware goes beyond companies having virtualized pretty much every workload that can be virtualized. In a bid to reduce capital expenditures and increase business agility, organizations are trying to downsize their data centers and shift existing workloads to the cloud, either on SaaS platforms or cloud infrastructure from AWS or Azure. And as companies decide to go cloud native for all new applications, they are turning to cutting edge approaches like containerization , micro services and serverless computing , which don't require a traditional VM.\nIn short, VMware is a classic case of a company facing the \"innovator's dilemma,\" according to Jason Bloomberg, president of the analyst firm Intellyx. The decision boils down to whether to just keep milking the cash cow, or whether to try to catch the next wave of innovation and expand into new markets, even if that might mean cannibalizing the primary revenue stream.\nVMware, through a clever combination of targeted acquisitions and internal product development, has taken the innovation route, Bloomberg says, putting together an overarching \"VMware everywhere\" strategy with a broad product portfolio designed to help companies write, secure, manage and optimize applications wherever they are located.\nOr, as Chris Wolf, vice president and CTO, global field and industry, at VMware puts it: \"Applications and data are becoming increasingly distributed, with organizations operating across a number of data centers , public cloud providers, branch offices , edge locations , and more. Our strategy focuses on ensuring consistent infrastructure and consistent operations anywhere apps and data may reside and doing so while preserving a native developer experience.\"\nHaving pioneered x86 server virtualization, VMware set its sights on a broader range of virtualization opportunities in data center infrastructure. \"After software defined compute, it was clear to us early on that the rise of software defined storage and network virtualization were only a matter of time,\" Wolf says.\nThe company introduced vSAN storage virtualization in 2014, then used vSAN technology as the core of its VxRail hyperconverged infrastructure (HCI) appliance. VMware leveraged the acquisition of Nicira into its NSX network virtualization and security product. Armed with a fully integrated stack of virtualized compute, storage and networking technologies, VMware layered on management, automation and orchestration capabilities to create what it calls a software defined data center. This is a highly automated data center as a service offering that can be deployed in a private cloud , pubic cloud or hybrid cloud scenario.\nBut VMware wasn't done there. It bought AirWatch to extend application and data management, as well as security features, to end user's mobile devices. It bought SD WAN vendor VeloCloud to bring software defined technology to branch offices that needed to connect to the cloud. It enhanced its cloud management capabilities with the recent purchases of CloudHealth Technologies and Wavefront, which monitors cloud applications running in containers. And it recently purchased Kubernetes player Heptio as part of its strategy to enable DevOps teams to write applications on the platform of their choice.\nForrester analyst Chris Gardner gives VMware high marks for \"not sitting on their laurels.\" The move into hot new markets is showing results, he says, noting that the NSX business is already a major contributor the company's revenue stream. And he said that VMware's recent partnership with Amazon to offer software defined data centers on AWS is an exciting development with strong growth potential. With VMware Cloud on AWS , companies can migrate and extend their on prem VMware environments to the AWS bare metal cloud infrastructure.\nGardner does caution that in its push to develop new offerings, VMware sometimes goes a bit too far. \"They tend to have multiple solutions to every problem,\" he says, which can be confusing to customers. \"We believe software vendors need to be opinionated, to come to the table with a recommendation, not a Cheesecake Factory menu,\" Gardner says.\nVMware has other challenges as well. By expanding into new markets, VMware faces entirely new sets of competitors. It's going up against Nutanix in the HCI market, Cisco and Silver Peak in SD WAN , Cisco again in the software defined networking (SDN) market, and Microsoft and IBM in cloud system management.\nIn addition, analysts say VMware has been a little late to the cloud and containerization parties, and its strategy has not always been clear and consistent. For example, VMware at one point tried to offer its own cloud platform but torpedoed that effort and more recently teamed with Amazon to offer software defined data centers on AWS. This enables companies that have a VMware based data center or private cloud to extend that enterprise grade environment to the AWS bare metal cloud infrastructure with no heavy lifting. Similarly, VMware wants customers to run containers inside its own virtual machines, arguing that it can provide a development platform with the security, orchestration, integration and management features that organizations are accustomed to.\nCustomers who spoke to Network World say they are taking a pragmatic approach to VMware's rapidly expanding product lines, evaluating each new VMware offering on a case by case basis. They seem generally pleased, even surprised at how well VMware has been able to anticipate their evolving needs, and they say VMware's ability to integrate its products gives it a leg up over point solutions.\nRyan Fay, executive vice president and global CIO at ACI Specialty Benefits , began using VMware's virtualization products in the early 2000s when he was at a different company. \"It's been exciting to see what VMware has been able to do,\" he says. The company stuck with its core competency but continued to innovate into new areas at the same time, he says.\nIn 2009, Fay was hired at ACI, a provider of corporate benefits packages, to lead a digital transformation initiative. ACI had recently acquired four companies, its data footprint was growing at 300% a year, it had security, compliance and data governance issues, and the data center needed modernization.\nThe first step was a basic server hardware consolidation effort that led to the creation of 40,000 virtual machines, a move that saved the company an estimated 30 to 40 percent in CAPEX costs per year and helped with HIPAA and PCI compliance efforts.\nWhen Fay wanted to automate data center functionality, VMware was there with its software defined data center. When encryption for sensitive customer data became a priority, VMware had just released a new version of VSphere with built in encryption. When his software developers wanted to move to containers, VMware had its Pivotal Container Services product.\nAnd when VMware bought SD WAN vendor VeloCloud, it just so happened that Fay was already a customer. At one point, Fay says he went with another vendor for hyperconverged infrastructure but switched back to VMware because its platform was the most mature and had the most functionality.\nFay says he appreciates other aspects of his relationship with VMware. There is no vendor lock in in terms of the underlying hardware. For example, NSX plugged directly into his Cisco networking gear. The result: \"You can have network functions virtualization pushed over any content distribution node you want, anywhere in the world. That was a paradigm shift, because you're no longer just managing the network, you're using it to drive innovation.\"\nFay says he is keeping his eye on VMware's cloud offering on AWS. The only thing holding him back right now from a full production deployment is the lack of availability zones. And he's looking forward to other VMware initiatives in areas of blockchain, edge computing and 5G.\nSimilarly, Adam Alicea, director of enterprise engineering at VITAS Healthcare Corp. , began his relationship with VMware through a server virtualization project. Eight years ago, when he joined the largest hospice care company in the U.S., VITAS was moving its data center from Miami to Smyrna, Ga., and his task was to migrate the company's 70 applications onto virtualized servers. After a 17 hour day, about 80 percent of the company's applications \u2013 many of them mission critical apps related to patient records \u2013 were running on the virtualized infrastructure, he says. And the company's footprint had been reduced from nearly a full cage in a colocation facility to 11 server racks. Today, that's down to six racks.\nFour years ago, when the in house electronic medical records system was pushing the company's SAN to the limit, Alicea switched to a VMware vSAN. Latency dropped from seconds to microseconds and the company realized a nearly 50 percent reduction in storage hardware acquisition costs. \"Everybody was wowed,\" Alicea says, and he was given the green light to develop and implement a five year plan that included deployment of a full software defined data center.\nOn the networking front, Alicea began re designing the core network, moving from Cisco gear to white box switches running the Cumulus Linux OS, boosting the network backbone from 10Gps to 40Gps and adopting a spine leaf architecture for increased resiliency.\nThe next step was adding VMware's NSX, which integrated with the storage and server virtualization systems to provide a single view of the entire data center stack. In addition, NSX provided network micro segmentation for security, as well as load balancing. \"It all made sense,\" Alicea says.\nHe is working with VMware in other areas as well, implementing virtual desktop infrastructure with VMware's Horizon View technology on NSX clusters. But he's also sticking to the best of breed approach. For example, after evaluating VMware's SD WAN technology, he decided to stick with his current implementation.\nNo discussion of VMware can be complete without mention of its somewhat convoluted ownership situation. Storage vendor EMC bought VMware in 2004 for $625 million and sold 15% of the company to the public via an IPO. In 2016, Dell, which was then privately held, borrowed $67 billion to buy EMC in a deal that stands as the largest ever in the industry. As part of that transaction, Dell issued something called \"tracking stock,\" a separate stock based on VMware's performance. Then, in December of 2018, Dell announced it was going public again and bought back the VMware tracking stock.\nNone of these machinations seem to have had much impact on the ground, according to both analysts and customers. Any efforts by Dell to increase synergies between the companies can only be good for customers, and these corporate changes haven't slowed down VMware's continued push into new markets. For example, Dell just announced an aggressive product roadmap for its HCI product line that features VMware's VxRail technology.\nAnd at the latest VMworld conference, the company announced several new initiatives. Project Dimension is a managed service that will bring software defined data center infrastructure and hardware as a service to on premises and edge locations. Project Magna is aimed at leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning to build self optimizing virtual infrastructures. And Project Concord is VMware's blockchain initiative.\nBut there is always a concern that if debt laden Dell hits a few rough quarters, it might scale back new echnology investments at VMware.\nSo far, however, the overall strategy seems to be working. Revenue for the latest quarter was $2.2 billion, up 14% from the same quarter of the previous year, and the company increased its full year revenue projections to nearly $8.9 billion. Quarterly earnings of $1.56 a share beat analyst estimates. And VMware stock, which dipped to a low of around $50 a share in 2016, is now above $150 a share.\nIndustry analysts are impressed. Forrester listed VMware's HCI offering as one of the leaders in the fast growing \"data center in a box\" market. IDC says VMware is the market leader in cloud management software at more than $900M in annual revenue, and is the market leader a new category called IT automation and configuration management. And Gartner puts VMware in a leadership position in WAN edge technology.\nWolf, not surprisingly, is bullish on VMware's future:\n\"We will be global leaders in infrastructure, networking, data management, end user computing, and we will revolutionize how applications and data are secured. We will empower customers to take open source projects into production, providing the reliability, scalability and operational consistency they require. Finally, we expect to continue to be a major force in cloud operations and management.\" This story, \"VMware's ongoing reinvention\" was originally published by", "URL": "https://www.itnewsug.com/vmwares-ongoing-reinvention/"}, {"Title": "Cloud Storage Market by 2022 : Growth Opportunities, Top Key Players Such as Amazon Web Services, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, IBM Corporation, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP, Google, Inc., VMware, Inc., Rackspace Hosting, Inc., Oracle Corporat", "Text": "Press release from: Allied Market Research Cloud Storage The hybrid deployment mode was the highest contributor in 2015, accounting for around 64.8% of the global market. This segment possesses high growth potential with extended use of both private and public cloud. Moreover, cloud storage adoption is expected to witness high growth rate, owing to primary consideration of data storage, document management, storage security, public portal management, and many other application needs by the growing number of SMEs in the regions including Asia Pacific and Latin America.Cloud Storage Market Report, published by Allied Market Research, forecasts that the global market size was valued at $21,175 million in 2015, and is projected to reach $97,415 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 24.8% from 2016 to 2022.Download report sample at: www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request sample/2141?utm_sour... The report features a competitive scenario of the cloud storage industry and provides comprehensive analysis of key growth strategies adopted by major players. Key players profiled in the study are Amazon Web Services, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, IBM Corporation, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP, Google, Inc., VMware, Inc., Rackspace Hosting, Inc., Oracle Corporation, EMC Corporation, and Red Hat, Inc. All these players are involved in competitive strategies including software innovation, business expansion, and partnership to augment the growth of the global cloud storage market.The services segment including professional and managed services are on high demand in cloud storage market, due to increase in need to manage data throughout the lifespan, from conception and storage to archiving at the appropriate space and time. Moreover, cost savings on total cost of ownership has also augmented the cloud storage market growth.For purchase enquiry at: www.alliedmarketresearch.com/purchase enquiry/2141?utm_so... North America was the largest market in cloud storage industry for 2015 owing to increase in demand for low cost data storage and faster data accessibility. In addition, there has been a growth in adoption of cloud storage solutions in the European region due to rise in concerns of data recovery and protection and upsurge of cloud adoption in several industry verticals including retail, healthcare, government, education, banking, insurance, and many others. The trend of strong cloud adoption in these developed regions has accelerated the growth of the cloud storage market.Hybrid deployment mode is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, owing to elasticity between private and public cloud, thus saving cloud cost and efficient data management. Furthermore, private cloud deployment mode also gains traction among SMEs due to lucrative business functions with lower cost and more effective operational solutions.Access full summary report at: www.alliedmarketresearch.com/cloud storage market?utm_sou... Based on the geography, the cloud storage market is segmented into four major regions, namely, North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and LAMEA. North America was the highest revenue contributor in 2015, accounting for around 35.6% share of the overall cloud storage market size. The Asia Pacific market is projected to grow at the highest CAGR of 27.2% during the forecast period, driven by cloud adoption among SMEs from various sectors including insurance, retail, healthcare, business service providers, and many others.About Us:Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full service market research and business consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of \"Market Research Reports\" and \"Business Intelligence Solutions.\" AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry.Contact: 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220", "URL": "https://www.openpr.com/news/1466638/Cloud-Storage-Market-by-2022-Growth-Opportunities-Top-Key-Players-Such-as-Amazon-Web-Services-Inc-Microsoft-Corporation-IBM-Corporation-Hewlett-Packard-Enterprise-Development-LP-Google-Inc-VMware-Inc-Rackspace-Hosting-Inc-Oracle-Corporat.html"}, {"Title": "Disaster Recovery as a Service Market Size, Share, Leading Playe", "Text": "\"Disaster Recovery as a Service Market\" Disaster Recovery as a Service Market, By Service Type (Real Time Replication, Backup, Data Security), By Service Provider (Cloud, Managed, Telecom & Communications), By Deployment (Private, Public, Hybrid) \u2013 Forecast 2023\nMarket Highlights\nDisaster recovery as a service is defined as replication and hosting of data on physical or virtual servers by a third party that saves data in the event of any kind of catastrophe. Market Research Future (MRFR) has published and released a research report about the global disaster recovery as a service (DRaaS) market that estimates excessive expansion for this market with 44% CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) during the forecast period between 2017 and 2023. In terms of cash, the market is expected to rise to US $ 21 bn.\nAnalyzing the market structure, this report evaluates the future growth potential of the market. It observes the strategies of the key players in the market and follows the competitive developments like joint ventures, new product developments, mergers and acquisitions, research and developments (R & D) in the market.\nMajor factors driving the global disaster recovery as a service market include the rapid adoption of cloud based solution and generation of high volume of real time data for any event. Such technologies are being leveraged by DRaaS providers for delivering insights into catastrophic situation (manmade or natural). Providing credible, secure and scalable solution, DRaaS providers ensure that businesses remain active in the event of a disaster.\nGet a Free Sample @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3230\nMajor Key players\nNTT Communications (Japan) HP Enterprises Company (U.S.) Amazon Web Services (U.S.) Microsoft Corporation (U.S.) VMware Inc. (U.S.) Cisco Systems (U.S.) IBM Corporation (U.S.) Cable & Wireless Communications (U.K.) Sungard Availability Services (U.S.) Treo Information Technology (Turkey). Regional Analysis:\nThe regions covered in the report include North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), the Middle East & Africa (MEA). North America is expected to spearhead the global disaster recovery as a service market. Technologically advanced countries in the region presents exciting opportunities. Moreover, investment in cloud based solutions in the U.S. and Canada facilitates a faster adoption of advanced disaster recovery systems. Moreover, many prominent DRaaS providers are based in the region, which give North America an edge.\nThe market in APAC is projected to witness the highest growth rate during the forecast period. Increased adoption of DRaaS in countries such as India, Japan and China is supporting the market growth in the region. Europe is also expected to remain a key market for DRaaS over the next several years. In terms of adoption, countries such as Germany, France, the U.S. among others will remain at the forefront.\nSegmentation:\nThe deployment based segmentation segments this market into hybrid cloud, private cloud, and public cloud. On the basis of the service provider, the market has been segmented into cloud service provider, managed service provider, telecom & communication service provider, and others. By service type, the market has been segmented into backup service, data security service, professional services, real time replication, support & maintenance, system integration, and training & consulting. As per verticals, the market has been segmented into Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI), government, healthcare, Information Technology (IT) & Telecommunication manufacturing, media, retail, and others.\nThe regional segmentation of the global disaster recovery as a service market has been segmented into continent based regional markets known as the Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and rest of the world (RoW). According to the report, North America has been estimated to hold the largest market share. The key reasons for North America being the largest market include technological advancements and increasing investments in cloud based solutions. The most important country specific markets in this region are the United States of America (USA) and Canada. Many key players in the global DRaaS market are based in the USA.\nLatest Industry News\nThe joint federal/state/county disaster recovery center that has assisted the residents with the Kilauea eruption recovery has shut down permanently. 24 SEP 2018 Arcserve has introduced business continuity cloud, a new and the market's only cloud born solution to safeguard complex IT infrastructures amid growing data protection concerns. 9 OCT 2018 Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/disaster recovery service market 3230\nList of Figures\nFIGURE 1 RESEARCH TYPE\nFIGURE 2 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\nFIGURE 3 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE PROVIDER (%)\nFIGURE 4 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY DEPLOYMENT (%)\nFIGURE 5 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)\nFIGURE 6 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY REGIONS (%)\nFIGURE 7 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\nFIGURE 8 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE PROVIDER (%)\nFIGURE 9 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY DEPLOYMENT (%)\nFIGURE 10 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)\nFIGURE 11 EUROPE DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\n Market Research Future\nContact Person: Abhishek Sawant\n +1 646 845 9312\nAddress: Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar\nCity: Pune\nState: Maharashtra\nCountry: India\nWebsite: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/disaster recovery service market 3230\nPress Release Distributed by ABNewswire.com\nTo view the original version on ABNewswire visit: Disaster Recovery as a Service Market Size, Share, Leading Players, Current Trends, Market Challenges, Growth Drivers and Business Opportunities", "URL": "http://www.valleyscw.com/story/41026051/disaster-recovery-as-a-service-market-size-share-leading-players-current-trends-market-challenges-growth-drivers-and-business-opportunities"}, {"Title": "Disaster Recovery Service Size, Growth Opportunities, Trends by Manufacturers, Regions, Application & Forecast to 2023", "Text": "Disaster Recovery as a Service Market, By Service Type (Real Time Replication, Backup, Data Security), By Service Provider (Cloud, Managed, Telecom & Communications), By Deployment (Private, Public, Hybrid) Forecast 2023\nPune, India \nMarket Highlights\nDisaster recovery as a service is defined as replication and hosting of data on physical or virtual servers by a third party that saves data in the event of any kind of catastrophe. Market Research Future (MRFR) has published and released a research report about the global disaster recovery as a service (DRaaS) market that estimates excessive expansion for this market with 44% CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) during the forecast period between 2017 and 2023. In terms of cash, the market is expected to rise to US $ 21 bn.\nAnalyzing the market structure, this report evaluates the future growth potential of the market. It observes the strategies of the key players in the market and follows the competitive developments like joint ventures, new product developments, mergers and acquisitions, research and developments (R & D) in the market.\nMajor factors driving the global disaster recovery as a service market include the rapid adoption of cloud based solution and generation of high volume of real time data for any event. Such technologies are being leveraged by DRaaS providers for delivering insights into catastrophic situation (manmade or natural). Providing credible, secure and scalable solution, DRaaS providers ensure that businesses remain active in the event of a disaster.\nGet a Free Sample @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3230\nMajor Key players\nNTT Communications (Japan)\nHP Enterprises Company (U.S.)\nAmazon Web Services (U.S.)\nMicrosoft Corporation (U.S.)\nVMware Inc. (U.S.)\nCisco Systems (U.S.)\nIBM Corporation (U.S.)\nCable & Wireless Communications (U.K.)\nSungard Availability Services (U.S.)\nTreo Information Technology (Turkey).\nRegional Analysis:\nThe regions covered in the report include North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), the Middle East & Africa (MEA). North America is expected to spearhead the global disaster recovery as a service market. Technologically advanced countries in the region presents exciting opportunities. Moreover, investment in cloud based solutions in the U.S. and Canada facilitates a faster adoption of advanced disaster recovery systems. Moreover, many prominent DRaaS providers are based in the region, which give North America an edge.\nThe market in APAC is projected to witness the highest growth rate during Increased adoption of DRaaS in countries such as India, Japan and China is supporting the market growth in the region. Europe is also expected to remain a key market for DRaaS over the next several years. In terms of adoption, countries such as Germany, France, the U.S. among others will remain at the forefront.\nSegmentation:\nThe deployment based segmentation segments this market into hybrid cloud, private cloud, and public cloud. On the basis of the service provider, the market has been segmented into cloud service provider, managed service provider, telecom & communication service provider, and others. By service type, the market has been segmented into backup service, data security service, professional services, real time replication, support & maintenance, system integration, and training & consulting. As per verticals, the market has been segmented into Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI), government, healthcare, Information Technology (IT) & Telecommunication manufacturing, media, retail, and others.\nThe regional segmentation of the global disaster recovery as a service market has been segmented into continent based regional markets known as the Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and rest of the world (RoW). According to the report, North America has been estimated to hold the largest market share. The key reasons for North America being the largest market include technological advancements and increasing investments in cloud based solutions. The most important country specific markets in this region are the United States of America (USA) and Canada. Many key players in the global DRaaS market are based in the USA.\nLatest Industry News\nThe joint federal/state/county disaster recovery center that has assisted the residents with the Kilauea eruption recovery has shut down permanently. 24 SEP 2018\nArcserve has introduced business continuity cloud, a new and the market's only cloud born solution to safeguard complex IT infrastructures amid growing data protection concerns. 9 OCT 2018\nBrowse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/disaster recovery service market 3230\nList of Figures\nFIGURE 1 RESEARCH TYPE\nFIGURE 2 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\nFIGURE 3 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE PROVIDER (%)\nFIGURE 4 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY DEPLOYMENT (%)\nFIGURE 5 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)\nFIGURE 6 DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY REGIONS (%)\nFIGURE 7 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\nFIGURE 8 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE PROVIDER (%)\nFIGURE 9 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY DEPLOYMENT (%)\nFIGURE 10 NORTH AMERICA DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY VERTICAL (%)\nFIGURE 11 EUROPE DISASTER RECOVERY AS A SERVICE MARKET, BY SERVICE TYPE (%)\nContact Info:\nName: Abhishek Sawant\n Market Research Future\nWebsite: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/disaster recovery service market 3230\nSource URL: https://marketersmedia.com/disaster recovery service market size growth opportunities trends by manufacturers regions application forecast to 2023/88893436\n 88893436", "URL": "http://business.wapakdailynews.com/wapakdailynews/news/read/38524640/disaster_recovery_service_market_size"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "ABC Cable Networks Group", "industry": "Media & Entertainment", "segment": "Industry", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Amazon Web Services, Inc.", "intensity": 9.0, "score": 106493, "relationshipStrength": "Strong", "news": [{"Title": "Arista targets cloud networking with CloudEOS software", "Text": "Two new Arista software packages address connectivity issues between public and private clouds, create instances of its Cloud EOS in a Kubernetes container. | Stephen Lawson/IDGNS\nArista this week rolled out software it hopes will help customers more easily fuse enterprise class networking with on premises and hybrid cloud services.\nThe company rolled out two new packages. One, CloudEOS Multi Cloud, normalizes the network connectivity to and between private clouds or public clouds. The package sets up a virtual machine and can redirect traffic across the most effective and efficient networking path using real time topology, in band telemetry and other attributes, the company said. It also automatically encrypts all traffic on those paths as well. Network pros react to new Cisco certification curriculum\nThe second package, CloudEOS Cloud Native, lets customers set up an instance of the network operating system as a Kubernetes container offering a fully supported, enterprise class networking stack within Cloud Native environments.\nCloudEOS can be set up and managed through Arista's CloudVision management software that provides network wide visibility, orchestration, provisioning and telemetry across the data center and campus.\nCloudVision's network information can be utilized by other Arista networking partners such as VMware, Microsoft and IBM's Red Hat.\nBoth CloudEOS packages are meant to simplify cloud networking and let customers build and deploy applications faster, the company said.\n\"With CloudEOS we want to enable the DevOps teams to use the tools they are familiar with, add and scale and adjust their compute and storage and cloud service requirements in a rapid fire and dynamic environment as fast as possible,\" said Douglas Gourlay , vice president and general manager of cloud networking software at Arista.\n\"We also want the networking team to have the confidence to know that the guardrails are in place \u2013 the CIDR block for the ERP system won't get accidentally duplicated, that someone can't connect an external test segment to a production data store in the enterprise, and that critical changes and deployments to production segments may require a code review in the network, too, before they are deployed into production.\"\nIn order to bring the DevOps strategy to CloudEOS, the packages feature a variety of Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) and DevOps provisioning tools such as Hashicorp's Terraform and other standards supported software technologies such a as border gateway protocol ( BGP ), Ethernet VPN (EVPN) , Virtual Extensible LAN (XLAN), IPSEC, and network management protocols such as gNMI/gRPC.\nCloudEOS enables, in about a half dozen lines of simple code, the provisioning of an entire multi cloud network, Gourlay said. The idea is to simplify operations by offering the same tools on physical and virtual networks, so network operations teams can use the same software to manage both, Gourlay said.\nCloudEOS supports a network segmentation mode that extends the reach of network segmentation from the campus to the data center to the public cloud and each CloudEOS instance \u2013 whether deployed in the public cloud to connect virtual private clouds, at the edge of the public cloud to allocate bandwidth across critical links or deployed into a Kubernetes host \u2013 enables a consistent network operating model, Arista said.\nArista is the latest networking vendor to extend major support to the cloud.\nMost recently, Cisco and Microsoft extended their relationship to make it easier and more efficient for SD WAN customers to set up and run direct Internet access to enterprise applications such as Office 365 and other Azure Cloud services. In September Cisco extended its Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) technology and its ACI Anywhere technology to Azure to help customers grow and control hybrid, multicloud and SD WAN environments. Cisco has done similar work with Amazon Web Services and others.\nVMware also extended its relationship with Microsoft this week with the expansion of the Azure VMware Solutions hybrid cloud service, with new advanced cloud migration capabilities delivered through VMware Hybrid Cloud Extension (HCX) application mobility software.\nVMware also has a hybrid cloud partnership with Microsoft's Azure cloud service. That package, called Azure VMware Solutions is built on VMware Cloud Foundation, which is a packaging of the company's traditional compute virtualization software vSphere with its NSX network virtualization product and its VSAN software defined storage area network product.\nVMware too has a tight integration with AWS and other cloud players.\nOther vendors have joined the fray as well. Juniper earlier this year took the wraps off a Contrail cloud based SD WAN service it says will ease the management and bolster the security of wired and wireless connected branch office networks. And Extreme Networks recently rolled out its ExtremeCloud IQ cloud management application that it says uses machine learning and artificial intelligence and can be deployed in public or private clouds and/or on premises to provide enterprises with network information and automation.\nCloudEOS is available on Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure immediately and on Google Cloud within the next quarter, Arista said. CloudVision 2019 is available now. This story, \"Arista targets cloud networking with CloudEOS software \" was originally published by Network World.", "URL": "https://www.networkworld.com/article/3452357/arista-targets-cloud-networking-with-cloudeos-software-packages.html"}, {"Title": "Arista targets cloud networking with CloudEOS software", "Text": "Arista has rolled out software it hopes will help customers more easily fuse enterprise class networking with on premises and hybrid cloud services.\nThe company has rolled out two new packages, the first, CloudEOS Multi Cloud, normalises the network connectivity to and between private clouds or public clouds. The package sets up a virtual machine and can redirect traffic across the most effective and efficient networking path using real time topology, in band telemetry and other attributes, the company said. It also automatically encrypts all traffic on those paths as well.\nThe second package, CloudEOS Cloud Native, lets customers set up an instance of the network operating system as a Kubernetes container offering a fully supported, enterprise class networking stack within Cloud Native environments. Network wide visibility\nCloudEOS can be set up and managed through Arista's CloudVision management software that provides network wide visibility, orchestration, provisioning and telemetry across the data centre and campus.\nCloudVision's network information can be utilised by other Arista networking partners such as VMware, Microsoft and IBM's Red Hat.\nBoth CloudEOS packages are meant to simplify cloud networking and let customers build and deploy applications faster, the company said.\n\"With CloudEOS we want to enable the DevOps teams to use the tools they are familiar with, add and scale and adjust their compute and storage and cloud service requirements in a rapid fire and dynamic environment as fast as possible,\" said Douglas Gourlay , vice president and general manager of cloud networking software at Arista.\n\"We also want the networking team to have the confidence to know that the guardrails are in place \u2013 the CIDR block for the ERP system won't get accidentally duplicated, that someone can't connect an external test segment to a production data store in the enterprise, and that critical changes and deployments to production segments may require a code review in the network, too, before they are deployed into production.\"\nIn order to bring the DevOps strategy to CloudEOS, the packages feature a variety of Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) and DevOps provisioning tools such as Hashicorp's Terraform and other standards supported software technologies such a as border gateway protocol ( BGP ), Ethernet VPN (EVPN), Virtual Extensible LAN (XLAN), IPSEC, and network management protocols such as gNMI/gRPC.\nCloudEOS enables, in about a half dozen lines of simple code, the provisioning of an entire multi cloud network, Gourlay said. The idea is to simplify operations by offering the same tools on physical and virtual networks, so network operations teams can use the same software to manage both, Gourlay said.\nCloudEOS supports a network segmentation mode that extends the reach of network segmentation from the campus to the data centre to the public cloud and each CloudEOS instance \u2013 whether deployed in the public cloud to connect virtual private clouds, at the edge of the public cloud to allocate bandwidth across critical links or deployed into a Kubernetes host \u2013 enables a consistent network operating model, Arista said. Cloud support\nArista is the latest networking vendor to extend major support to the cloud.\nMost recently, Cisco and Microsoft extended their relationship to make it easier and more efficient for SD WAN customers to set up and run direct Internet access to enterprise applications such as Office 365 and other Azure Cloud services. In September Cisco extended its Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) technology and its ACI Anywhere technology to Azure to help customers grow and control hybrid, multi cloud and SD WAN environments. Cisco has done similar work with Amazon Web Services and others.\nVMware also extended its relationship with Microsoft with the expansion of the Azure VMware Solutions hybrid cloud service, with new advanced cloud migration capabilities delivered through VMware Hybrid Cloud Extension (HCX) application mobility software.\nVMware also has a hybrid cloud partnership with Microsoft's Azure cloud service. That package, called Azure VMware Solutions is built on VMware Cloud Foundation, which is a packaging of the company's traditional compute virtualisation software vSphere with its NSX network virtualisation product and its VSAN software defined storage area network product.\nVMware too has a tight integration with AWS and other cloud players.\nOther vendors have joined the fray as well. Juniper earlier this year took the wraps off a Contrail cloud based SD WAN service it says will ease the management and bolster the security of wired and wireless connected branch office networks. And Extreme Networks recently rolled out its ExtremeCloud IQ cloud management application that it says uses machine learning and artificial intelligence and can be deployed in public or private clouds and/or on premises to provide enterprises with network information and automation.\nCloudEOS is available on Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure immediately and on Google Cloud within the next quarter, Arista said. CloudVision 2019 is available now.\nIDG News Service", "URL": "http://www.techcentral.ie/zD60w"}, {"Title": "Led by F5 founder, Seattle cybersecurity startup Tempered Networks raises $17M", "Text": "GeekWire Cloud Summit, 6/5: Register here! Jeff Hussey. (Tempered Networks)\nSeattle based Tempered Networks has raised an additional $17 million to invest in engineering, sales resources, and partnerships. The company confirmed the new funding to GeekWire this week.\nThe fresh cash brings total funding to $57 million, with backing from Ignition Venture Partners, IDG Ventures, Fluid Capital, Ridge Ventures and Rally Capital.\nFounded in 2014 by Jeff Hussey , who formerly helped launch F5 Networks, Tempered Networks builds products around the idea of zero trust networking , in which anything that connects to a network must pass an identification test. That's in contrast to the traditional approach of trusting people and machines who are connected the organization's network on site or through VPNs, while keeping out bad actors with firewalls.\nThe company's main technology, called \"identity defined networking,\" is a platform for zero trust networking. Connections are granted based on a whitelist that identifies trusted entities and gives access to the network. Tempered also claims to make the process of creating and managing networks easy with a simple point and click interface.\nTempered's customers include oil drillers, electrical substations, hospitals and smart buildings.\nThe 55 person startup has recently been working on improving its platform to accommodate the growth with internet of things devices. It has also partnered with Delta Control to build secure systems for smart buildings.\nTempered is part of a hive of cybersecurity activity in Seattle, joining startups including Auth0, ExtraHop, DefenseStorm and Polyverse, among others. Seattle based journalist James Thorne is an NYU business and economics journalism grad who has written for publications including Reuters, CNBC, and Financial Planning. Follow him on Twitter @jamescthorne. GeekWire Cloud Summit: AI/ML, DevOps, Cloud Migration & more\nHear from Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott, Amazon Web Services exec Mai Lan Tomsen Bukovec, T Mobile CIO Cody Sanford, Slack co founder and CTO Cal Henderson, the creators of Kubernetes and many others at the GeekWire Cloud Summit. Plus, it's a great value!\nStay current on the latest cloud computing trends with in depth tracks on AI/ML, DevOps, Business of the Cloud and Cloud Migration.", "URL": "https://www.geekwire.com/2019/led-f5-founder-seattle-cybersecurity-startup-tempered-networks-raises-17m/"}, {"Title": "The Evolving Infrastructure at the Edge", "Text": "Home Compute The Evolving Infrastructure at the Edge The Evolving Infrastructure at the Edge March 13, 2019 Jeffrey Burt Compute , Edge 0\nThe edge is getting a lot of attention these days, given the fast growing amount of data that is being generated by the proliferation of devices and systems located outside of the traditional core datacenter. It'd be difficult to find an OEM or component maker that isn't stretching their product portfolios to include the edge and investing a lot of money and effort to establish their presence out there. Hewlett Packard Enterprise President and CEO Antonio Neri last year said his company was investing $4 billion over four years to develop and expand its capabilities in such areas as the internet of things (IoT), artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning and distributed computing, all keys to addressing what he calls the Intelligent Edge.\nDespite all the effort and talk around edge computing , how it will play out and what it will eventually look like remains a work in progress. Enabling technologies like 5G networking and Gen Z interconnect are still on the horizon, for example, though it's clear that AI, machine learning and analytics are going to have to be coupled with the proper amounts of compute and storage to not only collect, process and store that data as close as possible to the devices that are creating it but also to sort through the data and decide what is relevant, what isn't, and what needs to be sent to a datacenter or cloud.\nAnd if it's going to scale, the infrastructure at the edge will have to be done on industry standard equipment, according to Robert Hormuth, CTO for Dell EMC's Server and Infrastructure Systems unit.\n\"The big thing about this to make it scale has got to be commercial, off the shelf technology,\" Hormuth tells The Next Platform. \"If we're not going to adopt standard compute, whether it be in rack mount servers, tower servers or modular servers, something at that scale, we're going to just continue to live in the world of embedded computing, where everything is a one off special unicorn, special rainbow, and you never get scale. Can we do all this with traditional embedded computing? Sure. It's all a one off, one size fits everything but it doesn't get scale, which doesn't help customers scale. Are we going to see a big wave of kind of standard, traditional computational gear in many MDCs [micro datacenters]? Yes, I think we will end up with some other at scale standardization or shorty chasses or shorty racks or things that are very close, but they've got to be at scale for any of this to work or else we're making all our customers go out and find unicorns.\"\nDell EMC has a host of such standard systems that includes its Networking Virtual Edge Platform 4600, a 1U single socket system powered by an Intel Xeon D 2100 processor as well as other technologies from the chip maker, such as QuickAssist Technology for security and compression and Intel's Data Plane Development Kit. The company also has PowerEdge XR2 rugged systems for small and harsh environments, the 2U PowerEdge R740 server (right) for such workloads as private clouds and AI, and micro modular datacenters via its Extreme Scale Infrastructure program, all of which leverage Intel chips, Nvidia GPUs and other standard components.\nHowever, while much of the infrastructure equipment will need to be industry standard and off the shelf, there will be room for specialized technologies, Dell Fellow Jimmy Pike tells The Next Platform. Google, Intel, Nvidia and others, for example, have created or are developing silicon designed for such tasks as machine learning inference , which will play an increasingly important role in analyzing the mountains of data being generated at the edge.\n\"We like to have one size fits all or have something specialized for everything,\" Dell Fellow Jimmy Pike tells The Next Platform. \"The truth of the matter is, it's more along the right size gear, the right size equipment with the right capabilities. I would say it's all about edge, it's all about traditional computing, about specialized computing.\"\nEdge computing is part of a back and forth that's been playing out in the tech industry for decades. When IBM's mainframes were king, computing was a very centralized environment. That changed with the ascent of client/server, when computing became more distributed, and then things started moving back to a centralized model with the rise of the cloud. With IoT and the edge, it's becoming distributed once again.\n\"If you look at all of those pendulum swings, it's always been driven by something,\" Hormuth says. \"What we've come up with is kind of a functional model that has something to do with the cost to compute cycles, the cost of moving the data, the size of the data and data complexity. If you look back in history at every one of those pendulum swings, one of those variables caused it to swing, and it always swung to something bigger. Client/server was a much bigger market than the terminal mainframe. Terminal mainframe is still not dead, but client/server was bigger, mobile cloud was bigger and IoT/edge is going to be bigger. I would almost argue that with this one, just the size of the data, data complexity and the cost of moving the data is so high that it's causing it to swing towards the IoT/edge. The cost of compute right now is continuing to come down, Moore's Law , while it's struggling, it's not dead. Then we've got other new ways to do compute, so I don't think it's the cost of compute that's causing it to swing this time. It's just the sheer size, complexity [of the data].\"\nThe upcoming enabling technologies will play a role in how the edge begins to shake out. Telecommunications companies like AT&T and Verizon are laying down networks for 5G, which will deliver faster speeds, more bandwidth, greater capacity and multi gig capabilities. Gen Z promises higher throughput and lower latency fabrics. Both technologies will be crucial to the advancement of the edge.\nEventually the edge will evolve to become part of a widely distributed computing environment that also envelopes somewhat traditional datacenters and the cloud. The idea that pushing more compute and storage to the edge or into the cloud will lead to the emptying out of core datacenters \u2013 and put a dent into the infrastructure businesses of companies like Dell EMC, HPE, IBM, Lenovo or Cisco\u2014doesn't make sense, according to Pike. Dell EMC's vision looks like this:\n\"There are new ways of doing things that are going to emerge,\" he says. \"We've been pretty open to the idea that multicloud is going to exist. It's sort of dangerous to stand up and say, 'Hey, this one way is the way you do stuff,' because one size doesn't fit all. It looks to me like it's going to get even more diverse as we go forward. It doesn't look like that the emergence of stuff at the edge reduces the amount of stuff you need either in your on premises datacenters or in your cloud.\"\n\"It's just going to be this distributed computing world where some of their stuff is going on in the cloud, some is going to be in a datacenter, some's going to be in the edge and some is coming from the side of a mountain,\" Hormuth says. \"Those that figure it out, they're going to be the ones whose stocks have more pop than others.\"\nLines are already beginning to blur, and not just as enterprises adopt more than one public cloud for their data and applications and containers and Kubernetes make it easier for them to manage and move data around these multicloud environments. Public cloud providers are beginning to move into on premises datacenters. Through its Outposts initiative, Amazon Web Services is offering AWS equipment for enterprise datacenters. Google Cloud Platform last month rolled out its Google Services Platform to enable customers to run its cloud services and applications on premises, and Microsoft Azure and IBM Cloud have already made similar moves.\nVMware's Project Dimension is a way of bringing VMware Cloud into datacenters.\nAs the enterprise computing environment becomes more distributed to encompass on premises datacenters, the cloud and the edge, the need for composable infrastructures \u2013 memory centric infrastructures enabled by next generation technologies like Gen Z and storage class memory that essentially creates a massive pool of IT resources that can be dynamically deployed to meet workloads needs\u2014will come into play. HPE and Dell EMC both are pushing composable infrastructure efforts, as are smaller companies like Liqid and TidalScale. Late last year, Juniper Networks bought composable startup HTBase.\n\"The idea of being able to right size the resources in a system and have a fully composable system, we have absolutely bought into that,\" Pike says. \"The idea that you can have resources \u2013 especially expensive resources \u2013 that aren't trapped to a single server, that you can repartition, redistribute those and use them on a more fluid basis, that is one of the reasons why we are so into Gen Z. That is a big thing that we want to see happen. We believe it is going to be a big deal.\" Sign up to our Newsletter\nFeaturing highlights, analysis, and stories from the week directly from us to your inbox with nothing in between.", "URL": "https://www.nextplatform.com/2019/03/13/the-evolving-infrastructure-at-the-edge/"}, {"Title": "Vapor IO Forms Alliance to Move Faster on Edge Deployments", "Text": "/ Vapor IO Forms Alliance to Move Faster on Edge Deployments Vapor IO Forms Alliance to Move Faster on Edge Deployments Subscribe\nEdge computing isn't a single technology, but a number of hardware and software technologies that will work together to support new services and faster data transfer. It's not always easy for customers and users to see how it will all come together.\nThat's why edge specialist Vapor IO has organized the Kinetic Edge Alliance, a group of hardware, software and networking companies that will collaborate on integrated edge solutions.\nThe Alliance \"provides the vehicle for delivering nationwide edge computing, removing the guesswork from edge deployment and operations that exists today,\" said Cole Crawford, the founder and CEO of Vapor IO. \"The alliance will accelerate the rollout of edge computing, delivering a platform for wireless operators and application providers to deliver new edge enabled products and services to customers.\"\nVapor IO is creating a distributed network of edge colocation sites, housed in micro modular data centers that can be deployed at key points on the network, including telecom towers and antenna sites. The Kinetic Edge is Vapor IO's network design, which uses both wired and wireless connections to create a reliable, low latency network of colocation sites.\nThe company has deployed its first two edge units in Chicago, and says it will deploy to an additional five markets with its alliance partners in 2019. The Kinetic Edge Alliance (KEA) plans to eventually deploy infrastructure in the top 30 American markets, supporting edge computing services that can reach 50 percent of the U.S. population.\nBeyond Chicago, the KEA's 2019 plans feature deployments in Pittsburgh, Atlanta, Dallas, Los Angeles and Seattle. The rollout plans suggest that early edge demand will focus on boosting infrastructure density in cities.\n\"This is an ecosystem opportunity,\" Crawford said. \"Delivering edge computing at scale, across the entire United States, requires a great deal of collaboration. We know what the building blocks are. Our approach has been to forge partnerships and make this a more collaborative opportunity for everyone.\" Two Categories of Partners\nThe Kinetic Edge Alliance features two types of partners. Deployment Partners have committed to jointly rolling out equipment and services in Kinetic Edge markets, ensuring a uniform infrastructure platform that makes it easy to build edge applications and deploy them to multiple markets. These partners include Packet , Federated Wireless , StackPath , Linode and MobiledgeX.\nTechnical Partners support Kinetic Edge partners and end users as they deploy new edge infrastructure services. KEA technical partners include Alef Mobitech , Detecon International , Hitachi Vantara , New Continuum Data Centers , Pluribus Networks , and Seagate Technology. Free Resource from Data Center Frontier White Paper Library A Better Way to Reach the Cloud \u2014 Connecting Should be Easy As enterprises adopt increasingly computing intensive workloads, such as cloudbased applications and artificial intelligence, they are using more IT resources through the cloud. Download the new white paper from Stream Data Centers that explores a better way to reach the cloud, and ways to make connecting easier. Download\n\"By enabling our tech partners, we get to tell a far more holistic story for partners with reference architectures,\" said Crawford. \"This is the power of this alliance.\"\nOne example is StackPath, a company founded by Lance Crosby, the entrepreneur who built SoftLayer into a cloud powerhouse before selling it to IBM. StackPath helps clients deploy edge solutions using containers, virtual machines and serverless scripting.\n\"The edge today is analogous to the early days of cloud, and education on the technology and proximity is key to mass adoption,\" said Crosby, the CEO of StackPath. \"Joining the Kinetic Edge Alliance will help with both and allow us scale even more quickly and take even more people to the edge.\"\nAnother cloud veteran with high hopes for the KEA is Jason Hoffman, who was CTO of early cloud player Joyent and is now CEO of MobiledgeX, an edge focused subsidiary of Deutsche Telecom.\n\"Now is the time to begin adopting the next wave of growth as we create one global mobile edge for all to use,\" said Hoffman. \"In the USA, the KEA enables a known timeline to move from experimentation today to full market coverage tomorrow.\"\nThe alliance also includes two data center operators. Linode is a growing cloud service supporting 800,000 developers worldwide, and will extend its cloud infrastructure at Kinetic Edge locations.\nNew Continuum Data Centers will cross connect its Chicago area data center with the Kinetic Edge to provide local colocation capacity as well as a software enabled Internet Exchange Point (IXP). New Continuum will also deploy Open 19 equipment in Kinetic Edge Locations, supporting development and production environments with a pay as you go business model. Software is Remaking Digital Infrastructure\nThe goal is to create an edge ecosystem that uses the power of software to simplify deploying applications in many places.\n\"The world is moving toward a completely software centric paradigm,\" said Ganesh Sundaram, founder and CEO of Alef Mobitech. \"The data center strategy for the edge Internet, as we see it, consists of multiple tiers. There will be multiple tiers of data centers. We can accomplish all this without changing the radio network or the cloud.\"\nAs we've previously noted, edge computing is not a single technology, but a phrase that describes several layers of infrastructure, some of which are refinements of existing models. Edge infrastructure is a response to new technologies \u2013 such as autonomous vehicles and distributed AI applications \u2013 that require low latency and close proximity to users. These technologies are shaping the future of Internet infrastructure,\nIt's a task that includes the telecom infrastructure for the rollout of the new low latency 5G wireless network, as well as data center infrastructure to house servers and storage hardware for applications \u2013 as well as the analytics to enable a new layer of intelligent, real time services. A Vapor Edge Module with a Hangar drone system mounted on the top of the modular data center. (Image: Vapor IO)\nCrawford envisions Vapor IO playing a key role in that edge revolution, providing critical infrastructure while enabling its KEA partners and customers.\n\"We're a cardiovascular system,\" said Crawford. \"There's a whole nervous system that does a whole other range of things. The edge is not brick and mortar colocation. It's software centric. Software can be highly automated, and we enable that use case for automation.\"\nVapor IO develops both software and hardware. Vapor IO's modular data center packs 150kW of compute into an enclosure, mounting its round Vapor Chamber rack enclosure on a motorized turntable. Vapor IO's Kinetic Edge uses software and high speed connectivity to bring multiple micro data center facilities into a single virtual facility with multiple availability zones. Modules are meshed together with high speed fiber across a group of data centers. The design builds upon the \"availability zone\" approach popularized by Amazon Web Services, creating a cluster of local data centers to easily hand off data and traffic. Shared Knowledge as a Force Multiplier\n\"With the edge Internet, we want to leverage cross platform knowledge,\" said Sundaram of Alef. \"How it all fits together is an interesting question. No one company can do it. There's a shared sense of know how that's very important.\"\nThat notion resonates with Crawford, a veteran of community building from his tenure at the Open Compute Project, which worked to commercialize open source hardware designs for servers and data centers.\n\"My work in non profits tells me that there's a rising tide that floats all boats,\" said Crawford. \"Open source works.\" Vapor IO is just one of a group of startups targeting the market for edge computing, which moves content closer to users, improving the experience for streaming video and gaming. It's a hot trend , as the emergence of the Internet of Things , AI and autonomous cars reinforces the need for data centers in new places. Other players in this space include EdgeMicro , DartPoints , DataBank , Baselayer and Switch.\nExplore the evolving world of edge computing further through Data Center Frontier's special report series and ongoing coverage.", "URL": "https://datacenterfrontier.com/vapor-io-forms-alliance-to-move-faster-on-edge-deployments/"}, {"Title": "Using zero trust to secure the AWS metadata service", "Text": "Using zero trust to secure the AWS metadata service By Peter Smith Nov 12, 2019\nThis year, CIOs got a stark reminder of the importance of securing their cloud applications and instances. In the Capital One breach , a former Amazon Web Services employee exploited a misconfigured firewall to launch a server side request forgery attack, ultimately exposing more than 100 million consumer credit applications.\nThe AWS metadata service played a key role in this attack. As long as AWS believes the customer is on an EC2 instance, any HTTP request to the metadata service (e.g., 169.254.169.254 port 80) returns a URL structure of all metadata about the instance, including sensitive information such as associated security groups, hostname, MAC address, IP address and even security tokens. It's a useful service, but it's also vulnerable to exploitation.\nThe question, of course, is how can agencies ensure metadata and user data is only accessed by approved services while malicious users are blocked from accessing the data for exploitation? But first, let's talk about how a cybercriminal could gain access to the metadata service for a cloud instance.\nThis oversimplified example illustrates the basic strategy for the kind of server side forgery that was perpetrated on Capital One: Let's say an agency has a proxy function on its instance that aggregates data from specific URLs so it can display that data on a dashboard. If the proxy is misconfigured so that a user can ask it to visit any URL instead of specific addresses, then anyone can use the proxy to access the instance metadata, which might include critical items such as security tokens, with which cybercriminals can mount attacks with severe consequences.\nSecuring the AWS metadata service, however, isn't a simple task. Users can't simply block all access, because there are key services that depend on it, such as EC2 config and SSM agent. Perimeter protection cannot be relied on to stop unauthorized access. Eventually, something will break through or previously safe software will become compromised.\nThe best solution for securing the AWS metadata service is to implement zero trust through microsegmentation. In a zero trust environment, all internal communications are treated as potentially hostile unless they are specifically authorized. It's a powerful way to reduce the network attack surface and prevent lateral movement of threats from asset to asset.\nUntil recently, zero trust wasn't feasible in cloud environments because the traditional microsegmentation methods that support it have been based on network addresses. Because IP addresses in the cloud are constantly changing, it has been very difficult to create policies based on them.\nA new approach, however, can overcome this problem by creating policies based not on IP address, but rather on the unique, immutable identities of communicating software and devices. In this new approach, communication is allowed only after software identities have been verified. These identities are created from dozens of attributes, including the SHA 256 hash of binaries, the universally unique identifier (UUID) of the system's BIOS and the serial numbers of the CPUs.\nIn this approach, IT must first inventory all software, services and devices on the instance and map the communications pathways between them. This process can be automated using machine learning or artificial intelligence. Once the inventory is complete, all unused or unnecessary communications pathways can be eliminated to reduce the attack surface. Typically, more than 90% of these pathways can be removed without affecting the production environment. Again, this is a task best left to automation.\nTo secure the AWS metadata service, IT can create a segment that allows only those software and services that need to access AWS metadata and blocks all unauthorized access. When automated, it takes just seconds to complete. Because zero trust policies are based on software identity, even when the software is altered, it won't pass the test and communications will be blocked.\nSo, in the case of the proxy example above, zero trust would prevent it and any other unauthorized request from accessing the AWS metadata and user data. And thanks to identity based microsegmentation, government IT organizations can now extend zero trust to their cloud environments, which will not only protect them against the AWS metadata vulnerability, but against threat to their cloud workloads. About the Author\nPeter Smith is the CEO of Edgewise Networks. <>", "URL": "https://gcn.com/articles/2019/11/12/zero-trust--aws-metadata-service-security.aspx"}, {"Title": "Oracle to open cloud data centre hubs in the UAE, Saudi", "Text": "Abu Dhabi Airports, Etihad launch trial of autonomous wheelchairs Oracle to open cloud data centre hubs in the UAE, Saudi\nThe centres will provide regional customers access to services including its autonomous database as well as Oracle fusion applications Aarti Nagraj Tuesday 17 September 2019\nOracle plans to open two cloud data centres in the UAE and and two in Saudi Arabia as it looks to drive regional business growth, it announced on Monday.\nThe company will launch 20 new cloud data centres worldwide by the end of 2020 in the US, Canada, Brazil, UK, EU, Japan, South Korea, Australia and India, among others, it was announced at OpenWorld, Oracle's annual user conference in San Francisco.\nOracle expects to open an average of one data centre every 23 days over the next 15 months (17 commercial and three government).\nThey will provide regional customers access to services including its autonomous database as well as Oracle fusion applications.\nThe company opened its first data centre in the Middle East in Abu Dhabi earlier this year, offering cloud storage to customers across the region.\nRead more: How Oracle is leading the GCC's cloud revolution\n\"Enterprise customers worldwide require geographically distributed regions for true business continuity, disaster protection and regional compliance requirements. Multiple availability domains within a region will not address this issue,\" said Don Johnson, EVP, Oracle Cloud Infrastructure.\n\"Unlike other cloud providers, Oracle is committed to offer a second region for disaster recovery in every country where we launch Oracle Cloud Infrastructure services.\"\nOracle Cloud has opened 12 regions in the past year and currently operates 16 regions globally \u2014 11 commercial and five government. The new centres will increase Oracle Cloud Infrastructure regions to 36.\nNew autonomous software\nOracle also unveiled an autonomous Linux operating system that runs without the need for human oversight at OpenWorld.\n\"If you eliminate human error in autonomous systems, you eliminate data theft,\" chairman Larry Ellison said on stage. The feature makes Oracle's products more secure than those sold by cloud leader Amazon Web Services, he said.\nEllison said the operating system, which the company's Autonomous Database runs on, will update itself without any downtime.\nOracle also announced a variety of changes and new programmes to bolster its partner ecosystem:\n* Oracle unveiled an agreement with VMware to bring virtualisation software to Oracle's cloud, similar to deals VMware has signed with Microsoft and Google.\n* Customers will be able to buy software made by other companies in the Oracle Cloud Marketplace, which may help company partners including Cisco Systems and Palo Alto Networks.\n* Oracle also said it expanded a relationship with cybersecurity company McAfee to bring its security incident software to Oracle's infrastructure cloud.\n* Ellison said Oracle would offer a free version of its Cloud Infrastructure, giving developers, students and others perpetual access to the company's autonomous database, computing and storage.\n* Oracle also unveiled new servers with updated memory components from Intel Corp.\nWith inputs from Bloomberg", "URL": "https://gulfbusiness.com/oracle-to-open-cloud-data-centre-hubs-in-the-uae-saudi/"}, {"Title": "Microsoft's Albert Greenberg, Fellow Networking Wizards Unite at - SDxCentral", "Text": "Hacker News\nThe future of networking is no one knows. Because it's the future. Duh.\nWhile we don't have a crystal ball, what we, or rather VMware has, is the clout to bring some of the smartest networking brains in the world together and ask them what they think the future of networking will look like. VMware's been doing this for the last three years at its annual Future:Net event , which happens at the tail end of this week's VMworld in San Francisco on Aug. 28 29.\nOne of these brilliant networking brains belongs to Albert Greenberg, corporate vice president at Microsoft Azure Networking. In an interview leading up to the event, he told SDxCentral that the future of networking is SDN, disaggregated architecture, and it requires a diverse group of talent to remain future proof. But more on that in a minute.\nFirst: Future:Net. VMware started the event in August 2016, about four years after it acquired Nicira , which became the basis for its NSX networking platform. VMware was still known as a virtualization company, and the the joke at the time became \"I went to VMworld and a networking show broke out.\" What Is Future:Net?\nVMware hosts the event, but Future:Net remains vendor agnostic, said Ambika Kapur, VP or product marketing for VMware's Networking and Security Business Unit. She's also the chief architect of Future:Net.\n\"That has always been the case,\" she said. \"Future:Net was meant to be, first of all, VMware agnostic.\" The event has since grown, and it includes speakers from Microsoft, Google, Facebook, Cisco, and Arista Networks. \"We really want to make sure it's a melting pot of ideas. These speakers aren't there to share the points of view of their companies. It's their take on what's happening in networking. And likewise, we're not shying away from controversy.\"\nThe event will be a little different this year, Kapur said. For one thing, it's audience will be primarily network architects, directors, VPs, and C level networking execs.\nAdditionally, the format will be more un conference inspired. \"Formats that actually allow us to have more of a back and forth with the audience,\" Kapur explained. \"Lightening rounds, audience polling, debate style formats with point and counterpoint, this keeps the flow going and allows the audience to participate. It brings opinion into the mix.\"\nKapur also wants to make the event \"live beyond the show,\" and by that she means not limiting it to a one day event, once a year, in one city. Instead she envisions several, smaller events in different cities across the U.S. Maybe digital events, too. \"Why limit it to a single point in time? How do we make Future:Net an ongoing thing so you have, maybe roundtable dinner events in different cities, on an ongoing basis,\" she said. The Future Is SDN\nMicrosoft's Albert Greenberg is a panelist at Future:Net, and nothing short of an SDN legend. He got his start at AT&T Labs where he helped build the systems for engineering and managing AT&T's networks. He moved to Microsoft in 2007, where he works on data center networks and cloud infrastructure.\nHe's also speaking on a Future:Net panel titled \"The wizards of networking predict architectural shifts to happen by 2025.\" He'll be joined by fellow networking wizards Arun Gupta , principal open source technologist at Amazon Web Services (AWS); Stanford University Professor Nick McKeown ; Pere Monclus , CTO of network and security at VMware; and Vijoy Pandey , VP and CTO of Cloud and Distributed Systems for Cisco Cloud.\nGreenberg attended Future:Net in the past, but this is his first time as a panelist at the event. \"The idea is to bring together, in an open context, the future of networking and then have a good dialogue between experts across the industry, in an open way, about what's working and where things are going \u2014 the future of networking.\"\nThe future of networking will open up bandwidth and increase exponentially what \"we can do with the cloud and networks in general,\" he said. SDN and disaggregated networks pave the path to this future.\n\"The scale of cloud networks and the scale of change in cloud networks is so much [larger] than any previous networks,\" he said. \"We've built all this SDN and it's enabled us to go farther. The SDN platform you can bank on now and that allows us to innovate much faster.\" The Future Is Diverse\nBut to continue innovating at this rapid pace and to future proof networks, companies must include a diverse talent pool. This includes diverse disciplines: \"Hardware and optical engineers who are comfortable and good at software,\" he said. \"Data scientists who also can write software, engineers and software engineers who want to work on large scale systems.\"\nIt also includes women and other underrepresented groups in tech, and Greenberg says he's proud of the inclusivity of his team at Microsoft. \"We need to have a team that is problem solving, creative, strong, diverse, and loves challenges, and responds and adapts,\" he said. \"We need a process that makes us future proof.\" Related Articles", "URL": "https://www.sdxcentral.com/articles/news/microsofts-albert-greenberg-fellow-networking-wizards-unite-at-futurenet/2019/08/"}, {"Title": "Ayla Networks Shows How to Achieve \u2018Fast Time to IoT Value\u2019 at CES 2019", "Text": "08/01/2019\n(CES 2019) \u2014CES attendees can learn how Internet of Things (IoT) technologies can achieve fast time to IoT value when they attend the panel discussions, consultations and demonstrations sponsored by Ayla Networks at the annual CES 2019. Aylas IoT platform as a service (PaaS) delivers industry leading device management and application enablement.\nDaily IoT Panel Discussions at Palazzo Hotel\nAyla will host a hospitality suite at the Palazzo Hotel for panel discussions and private meetings during daily happy hours, starting at 5:30 p.m. each day of the show. Registration is required for the following free sessions: Tuesday, Jan. 8 \u2013 Removing Barriers to Scaling your IoT Solutions (Ayla and Amazon Web Services) Enterprises across market sectors continue to face complexities in achieving a successful IoT implementation, and many are still struggling with basics. How do you move beyond this and thrive in your market? It comes down to choosing a reliable platform that offers an end to end solution that resolves security, connectivity, and deployment issues to ensure faster time to market. Join representatives from Ayla and Amazon Web Services as they present a best in class IoT infrastructure to help you scale and grow. Wednesday, Jan. 9 \u2013 Time to Value is Critical to Success in IoT Led Digital Transformation: An Executive Fireside Chat When it comes to the IoT, launching products and deriving value from their data presents a massive opportunity for manufacturers in transforming the enterprise landscape. Achieving rapid time to business value from your connected product data is the key to IoT success. Join executives from well known brands as they share how their companies have already begun to unlock the opportunities from IoT. Thursday, Jan. 10 \u2013 A Fast Track to Success from IoT Initiatives with Advanced Analytics (Ayla and Google Cloud Platform) Ayla Networks and Google Cloud recently announced a partnership to integrate the Ayla IoT platform device connectivity and management technologies with Google Cloud Platform (GCP). The result is an offering that will enable more companies to tap directly into Google Clouds renowned application enablement, artificial intelligence, machine learning and data analytics capabilities to deliver the outcomes that meet their business needs. Join representatives from Ayla Networks and GCP to learn more about how enterprises can unlock the business value contained within their connected device dataand to optimize the return on their IoT investments.\nIoT Demonstrations\nIn the Smart Home Marketplace, Sands Expo booth #41161 , Ayla will highlight use cases and demonstrations from customers and partners. To register for the booth demos, sign up in advance. Smart Home Security and Comfort Control \u2013 this demonstration willshow how multiple devices can work together for a high level of security automation and control from a single mobile application. Ayla will showcase its platform capabilities around device monitoring and management, mobile application development and customer support enablement. Google Assistant and Hampton Door Lock \u2013 this demonstration shows how users of Google Assistant can control the Hampton door lock by using their voice. This demonstration also illustrates the ease with which Google Assistant can be configured through the Ayla IoT Platform.\nIoT Consultations\nAyla representatives will be available to answer questions and offer free IoT consultations with Ayla technical staff. Attendees interested in scheduling one on one consultations with Ayla IoT experts can request an IoT consultation.\nAbout Ayla Networks\nAyla Networks, a leading provider of digital twinning, device management and application enablement for the Internet of Things (IoT), enables the worlds largest companies to connect and ingest data from nearly any sensor, system and cloud. By leveraging the Ayla Agile IoT \u00a2 platform, customers are able to quickly productize future proofed, connected products, while making device data usable for ongoing analytic insights and support for advanced business applications. For more information, visit www.aylanetworks.com.\nAyla Contact:", "URL": "https://www.globalbankingandfinance.com/ayla-networks-shows-how-to-achieve-fast-time-to-iot-value-at-ces-2019-2/"}, {"Title": "AWS gathers Asean cloud community in massive SG summit", "Text": "Home / I.T. News / AWS gathers Asean cloud community in massive SG summit AWS gathers Asean cloud community in massive SG summit\nCloud computing giant Amazon Web Services Inc. (AWS) recently hosted over 10,000 technologists from across the Asean region to share and collaborate on the latest AWS features and services at the AWS Summit Singapore 2019.\nThe inaugural AWS TechFest, which took place on the first day of AWS Summit Singapore, was a full day event dedicated to technical audiences such as developers, data scientists, application architects, and IT Professionals. There were hands on labs, bootcamps, certification information, and deep dive technical training curated by subject matter experts who shared their real world experiences and lessons learned.\nOn the second day of the summit, AWS global infrastructure and customer support vice president Peter DeSantis gave the opening keynote, joined by AWS customers, Indonesian start up 'unicorn' company Traveloka, and Certis, Singapore based leading advanced integrated security services company.\nA wide variety of technical breakout sessions, demonstrations, and hands on workshops also helped professionals better understand how they can build their organization on AWS Cloud.\nThe event also featured the interactive and experiential AWS Solution Expo, where AWS and AWS Partner Networks members presented their latest cloud solutions, such as Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), Internet of Things (IoT), Big Data analytics, and more to help customers get the most out of AWS Cloud.\n\"Cloud technology has paved the way for accelerated innovation, helping businesses remain relevant and competitive by lowering costs, and providing the solutions to create and bring services to market quickly,\" said Nick Walton, managing director for Asean at AWS.\nInaugural AWS DeepRacer League in Asean\nThis year's AWS Summit Singapore also saw the world's first global autonomous racing league, DeepRacer League taking place in the Asean region. The live event provided developers with the opportunity to explore ML in a fun and highly entertaining way, as they raced using 1/18th scale AWS DeepRacer cars driven by reinforcement learning, which is a branch of ML that is ideal for training autonomous vehicles.\nAt a racing area in the Singapore EXPO Convention & Exhibition Centre, developers tested their models and had their lap times with their cars recorded onto a Speedway Leaderboard. Participants with the fastest times won a chance to advance to the AWS DeepRacer Championship at AWS re:Invent 2019 in Las Vegas, and compete for the coveted AWS DeepRacer Cup.\nAWS Hackdays 2019 Grand Finale: Hack For Good\nSix teams from Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam respectively took part in the grand finale of AWS Hackdays 2019, an annual education and hackathon event, where they spent 12 hours developing a relevant, real world solution using AWS's features and services.\nUnder this year's theme of \"Hack for Good\", builders in the region showcased their innovation and demonstrated skills as they developed solutions to potentially drive positive impact in the areas of HealthTech, AgriTech, Smart City, or FinTech. The winner of the Asean edition of AWS Hackdays 2019 will earn themselves the airfares and accommodations to AWS re:Invent 2019 in Las Vegas.", "URL": "http://newsbytes.ph/2019/04/24/aws-gathers-asean-cloud-community-in-massive-sg-summit/"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "ABCAM PLC", "industry": "Wholesale Distribution & Services", "segment": "Commercial", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Amazon Web Services, Inc.", "intensity": 66.0, "score": 12889, "relationshipStrength": "Satisfactory", "news": [{"Title": "Public Cloud Business Process Services Market Cloud Adverting to Signify a Leading Segment During 2019-2025", "Text": "RSS Public Cloud Business Process Services Market Cloud Adverting to Signify a Leading Segment During 2019 2025 Top Key players like Microsoft Corp., Accenture PLC, Amazon Web Services, Fujitsu Limited, Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation, IBM Corporation, and Oracle\nHouston, TX ( SBWIRE ) 01/18/2019 Business process as a service (BPaaS) is a term for a specific kind of Web delivered or cloud hosting service that benefits an enterprise by assisting with business objectives. In the general sense, a business process is simply a task that must be completed to benefit business operations. A commercial enterprise that provides work performed in an expert manner by an individual or team for the benefit of its customers. The typical service business provides intangible products, such as accounting, banking, and consulting, cleaning, landscaping, education, insurance, treatment, and transportation services. The global public cloud business process services market to expand at a CAGR of +21% during the forecast period 2019\u20132023. Request Sample Copy of this Report@: https://www.researchnreports.com/request_sample.php?id=228492 The Top Key Players included in this Market: Microsoft Corp., Accenture PLC, Amazon Web Services, Inc., Fujitsu Limited, Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation, IBM Corporation, Oracle Corp., and Salesforce.Com. The Public Cloud Business Process Services Market is expected to grow in importance alongside the fast moving business process management in the cloud (BPM). Enterprises in the market could benefit from a high demand for an absolute solution for all business processes. Public cloud business process services and cloud BPM include a feature rich business process services platform to deliver automated business results for vertical and horizontal business processes. The global public cloud services industry is segmented by service, type, end user and geography. The service segment includes infrastructure as a service, platform as a service and software as a service. The report includes a detailed segmentation of internal public cloud business process services, universal public cloud business process services, others, market trend for large enterprises, small and medium sized enterprises. Type 2 and Type 3 application as well as various processes and systems. The report analyzes the market for public cloud business process services by value (USD million) and volume (KMT). Public Cloud Business Process Services Market Attractiveness Index is used to understand the key segments in terms of their growth and performance in the public cloud business process services market. Market segment by Application, split into Large Business", "URL": "http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/release-1126235.htm"}, {"Title": "WANdisco\u2019s LiveData release disrupts lock-in for the multicloud world", "Text": "UPDATED 13:00 EST / JANUARY 30 2019 CLOUD by Mark Albertson SHARE\nWANdisco PLC has made a big bet that the enterprise computing space over the next decade will be focused on moving massive amounts of data between multiple clouds. So far, there has been little evidence to prove the software specialist in distributed computing wrong.\nA survey of attendees at AWS re:Invent in November, which was released last week, found that 58 percent of respondents were using more than one of the three largest cloud providers: Amazon Web Services Inc. Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud. More than a third were using AWS and Azure combined.\nLess than a week before the AWS survey results became public, WANdisco announced general availability of LiveData for MultiCloud, the company's distributed platform that enables large scale data migrations and multicloud operations without disruption.\nThe key concept behind LiveData is that enterprises can store a replicated copy of information in multiple clouds, so if one copy fails an alternative is readily available.\n\"We made a pretty good bet that active active replication, that live data, would be a critical component of both hybrid cloud and multicloud,\" said David Richards (pictured), founder and chief executive officer of WANdisco. \"That's playing out really well for us.\"\nRichards spoke with John Furrier ( @furrier ), host of theCUBE, SiliconANGLE Media's mobile livestreaming studio, at theCUBE's studio in Palo Alto, California. Jagane Sundar , chief technology officer of WANdisco, and Joel Horwitz , the company's chief marketing officer, also spoke with Furrier in separate interviews, and they discussed how WANdisco's technology can replicate data at petabyte scale, recent deals and partnerships, competition in the multicloud space, and continued emphasis on information security. (* Disclosure below.)\nWatch the complete video interview with Richards below: Petabyte scale replication\nLiveData for MultiCloud covers regions or a mix of cloud services and on premises storage operations, including Amazon S3, Azure Blob Storage, Dell EMC Elastic Cloud, IBM, Oracle, and Alibaba Cloud, among others. According to WANdisco, it is the only platform that can enable continuous replication of data at petabyte scale with zero information loss or downtime.\nThe ability to move data at petabyte scale is significant because datasets are expanding rapidly as applications become instrumental in running critical business operations.\n\"I can't just lift and shift for a thousand applications running against the dataset,\" Richards said. \"In order to achieve the kind of scale they need, companies are going to have to do this in cloud. That was the bet we made, and it was the right bet.\" Major deal with Azure\nWANdisco's recent deal flow and partnerships offer a measure of confirmation that this may indeed be the right bet. In January, the company announced its largest cloud deal with an unnamed major U.S. health insurer. The deal leveraged data migration and a co seller relationship with Microsoft Corp. and its Azure cloud platform.\n\"We're able to move petabyte scale data from their on premises systems into the cloud without any interruption to service, without any blocking,\" Richards said. \"Our pipeline is now full of companies all trying to do that.\"\nThe company has been active with other cloud providers. Earlier in January, WANdisco announced a new jointly engineered solution with IBM Corp. to support Db2 Big SQL relational database technology. It marked the first time WANdisco's technology had been applied to SQL data, according to company executives. The company also won a three year contract through IBM with another healthcare provider in the U.S.\nWANdisco has relationships with AWS and Alibaba Group as well. In January, WANdisco revealed that it had secured a contract with a major mobile network operator to provide its Fusion product across multiple clouds on AWS to replicate data. Last year, the company launched an original equipment manufacturer sales agreement with Alibaba Cloud, its first such arrangement in the Chinese market.\n\"We're helping our enterprise clients think about their multicloud strategy so they're not locked into any one vendor,\" Horwitz said. \"They're able to take advantage of all the great innovations that are happening on the cloud first.\"\nWatch the complete video interview with Horwitz below: Competition with Google\nDespite WANdisco's recent expansion into new markets and customer wins through its partner network, the company's LiveData solution still has competition. Google Cloud Spanner is a globally distributed NewSQL database that offers data consistency with no planned downtime.\nWhile WANdisco executives are careful to point out that Cloud Spanner works fine in Google environments, it has limitations outside of that ecosystem. \"It looks on paper very close to what WANdisco does,\" Richards explained. \"The trouble with that is it only works on their own proprietary network against their own proprietary applications. We can do all of that over the public internet.\"\nWANdisco's LiveData technology is based on the implementation of Paxos , a mathematically proven algorithm for distributed coordination. Limited replication capabilities baked into cloud object stores present challenges when moving data between different on prem and cloud environments. Coverage without special hardware\nWANdisco holds the only patented implementation of the Paxos algorithm for continuous regression. \"The core of our algorithm is enhancement and superior implementation of Paxos,\" Sundar said. \"We have a fantastic implementation of Paxos extended for use over wide area networks without any special hardware. It's the only mathematically proven algorithm for keeping replicas in multiple machines or multiple regions or multiple data centers.\"\nThe movement of large amounts of data across multiple clouds raises the prospect that security could be an issue. WANdisco's largest customer base for over a decade has been the breach sensitive financial industry, according to Sundar, and he pointed out that the company has continued to support all on disk, data at rest encryption schemes.\nWatch the complete video interview with Sundar below:\nThe replication of data across various cloud environments also provides a level of security should a breach occur. \"You may have a breach in one cloud vendor,\" Sundar said. \"You can turn that off and use your replica in the other cloud vendor site instantly. Those are comforts you do not get with other solutions.\"\nWANdisco's big bet on the value of data replication at scale in an increasingly multicloud world appears to be gaining traction for the company as it moves into 2019. Its recent customer wins underscore enterprise interest in not just simply migrating large amounts of data, but also avoiding having business grind to a halt when doing so.\nThis is the value play offered by WANdisco. \"We have a way to replicate data continuously using our patented consensus technology,\" Horwitz said. \"That's in the lifeblood of our company. Having a way to migrate data to the cloud without disrupting your business is not just marketing speak, but it's really what we're able to do for our clients.\"\nWatch the complete video interview with Horwitz below, and be sure to check out more of SiliconANGLE's and theCUBE's CUBE Conversations. (* Disclosure: WANdisco PLC sponsored this segment of theCUBE. Neither WANdisco nor other sponsors have editorial control over content on theCUBE or SiliconANGLE.) Photo: SiliconANGLE", "URL": "https://siliconangle.com/2019/01/30/wandiscos-livedata-release-disrupts-lock-in-for-the-multicloud-world-cubeconversations/"}, {"Title": "Epigenetics Market Projected to Garner $1,321 Mn by 2023 at 13.1% CAGR, Says AMR", "Text": "Epigenetics Market Projected to Garner $1,321 Mn by 2023 at 13.1% CAGR, Says AMR\nPORTLAND, Oregon , Feb. 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ Allied Market Research published a report, titled, \"Epigenetics Market by Product [Enzymes (DNA Ligases, DNA Polymerases, Other DNA modifying Enzymes), Kits & Assays (Bisulfite Conversion Kits, Chip Seq Kits, Deep Sequencing Kits, Methyltransferase Assays, Histone Assays, Immunoprecipitation Kits), Instruments (Mass Spectrometers, Next generation Sequencers, qPCRs, and Sonicators), and Reagents (Antibodies, Buffers, Histones, Magnetic Beads, Primers, and Other Epigenetics Reagents)], Application (Oncology and Non oncology Diseases, Developmental Biology, Drug Discovery, and Others), and End User [Academic & Research Institutes, Pharmaceutical Companies, Biotechnology Companies, and Contract Research Organizations (CROs)] Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2017 2023. According to the report, the global epigenetics market was valued at $630 million in 2017 and is expected to reach $1,321 million by 2023, registering a CAGR of 13.1% during the forecast period.\nThe surge in prevalence of cancer and other infectious diseases, increase in genome mapping programs worldwide, and advancements in gene technology drive the growth of the global epigenetics market. However, standardization concerns over epigenetic based diagnostics and lack of skilled professionals in this field restrict market growth. Nonetheless, rise in awareness regarding epigenetics in emerging economies would create lucrative opportunities for new market players in the near future.\nRequest Sample Report at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request sample/846\nInstruments in epigenetics are projected to grow at the fastest rate\nBased on product, the instruments segment is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR of 14.9% during the forecast period, supplemented by the increasing use of instruments in the analytical and life science industry. However, the kits & assays segment occupied more than one third of the global market in 2016 and is expected to continue its dominance throughout 2023.\nOncology to remain the dominant segment through 2023\nBy application, the oncology segment is expected to garner almost two thirds of the global market from 2017 to 2023, owing to the growing trend of biomarker research and the rise in the development of anticancer therapies. However, the non oncology segment is projected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period, owing to the effectiveness of epigenetic therapies in treating metabolic, inflammatory, and cardiovascular diseases.\nFor Purchase Enquiry: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/purchase enquiry/846\nAcademic & government research institutes are expected to dominate the market\nBased on end user, academic & government research institutes is anticipated to remain the dominant segment throughout the forecast period owing to rise in demand for extraction services, library preparation, methylation services, and clinical grade targeted sequencing among researchers and scientists. However, the biotechnology companies segment is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR of 13.7% from 2017 to 2023.\nAsia Pacific to encounter the highest growth in the near future\nAs the markets in developed countries are almost saturated, Asia Pacific is projected to provide major opportunities to venture capitalists and investors throughout the forecast period. The region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR of 14.8%, driven by significant developments by China and Japan towards incorporating new technologies in healthcare.\nKey market players\nThe key players analyzed in the report include Abcam plc., Illumina, QIAGEN N.V., Merck & Co., New England Biolabs, Inc., Sigma Aldrich Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Active Motif. Diagenode, Inc., and Zymo Research Corporation. They have adopted different strategies including collaborations, joint ventures, partnerships, expansions, mergers & acquisitions, and others to gain a strong position in the industry.\nAccess KNOWLEDGE TREE (Premium on demand, subscription based pricing model) at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/knowledgetree\nKnowledge tree is a cloud based intelligence platform that offers more than 2,000 selective, off the shelf reports on niche markets to enable our clients gain deep insights on the latest trends, dynamic technologies, and emerging application areas.\nSimilar Reports:\nSmall Animal Imaging (In Vivo) Market\nAbout Us\nAllied Market Research (AMR) is a full service market research and business consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of \"Market Research Reports\" and \"Business Intelligence Solutions.\" AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain.\nWe are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry.\nContact:\n5933 NE Win Sivers Drive#205, Portland, OR 97220", "URL": "https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2019-02/46012023-epigenetics-market-projected-to-garner-dollar-1-321-mn-by-2023-at-13-1-cagr-says-amr-008.htm"}, {"Title": "Readers\u2019 Choice Survey 2019: Digital Commerce", "Text": "Readers' Choice Survey 2019: Digital Commerce Press enter to search Readers' Choice Survey 2019: Digital Commerce By Lisa Terry 02/21/2019\nThe CGT community's preferred providers of solutions for BTB and B2C transactions, direct to consumer selling and other e commerce services.\nBest in Category: AWS (Amazon Web Services) Amazon's booming success as an e commerce retailer and private label purveyor may be keeping consumer goods executives up at night, but the company wants to be an ally when it comes to digital commerce tools and services like infrastructure, analytics and database management through the growing (and profitable) AWS unit. After first arriving on the Readers' Choice scene last year by earning Customer Satisfaction honors, AWS jumped to the very top of the ranks this year.\nSurvey respondents were succinct with their praise, noting a solution that \"works well\" and is \"still tracking steadily,\" and reporting simply that they are \"satisfied.\" CG companies making use of the company's broad range of offerings include Unilever, GoPro and Under Armour. AWS released a stream of product enhancements and releases throughout 2018, from managed block chain to a new optimized edge computing product.\nSMB Market Leader: Shopify \"Shopify makes it very easy to collect orders in a variety of ways and has been easy to use as well,\" one survey taker remarked. \"Just started to work with them, but am pleased with the functionality and value,\" said another.\nIn 2018, the company opened its first physical space to provide in person help to merchants, expanded its integration efforts with Instagram, and added Google Pay as an option. Product enhancements included significant upgrades for retail stores, a new marketing section in the dashboard, automation and simplification of back office workflows, a Shopify services marketplace, and a revamped app store.\nCustomer Satisfaction Leader: Salesforce The former Demandware platform, now officially Salesforce Commerce Cloud, earned props as the Customer Satisfaction leader with a 4.0/5 rating. Appropriately, one survey respondent praised Salesforce for its \"good customer service,\" and another said the vendor is \"very new to our organization, but has been good so far.\"\nIn 2018, Lilly Pulitzer implemented both the Salesforce commerce and marketing clouds and Tarte Cosmetics launched two new websites built on Salesforce Commerce Cloud. Milk Makeup began using the Cloud to redefine its digital shopping experience. Denim brand NYDJ adopted the commerce and marketing clouds to grow its direct to consumer channels.\nNoteworthy: Clavis Insight Numerous companies have turned to Reader's Choice newcomer Clavis Insight (an Editors' Pick in 2018) to provide action ready insights and performance measurement about their brands' e commerce activity, help them drive sales, optimize content and compliance, and gain unified reporting. The list of blue chip clients includes Unilever, P&G, Kimberly Clark and Nestl\u00e9.\nAfter expanding its relationship with IRI to include Australia, Clavis Insight was acquired by Ascential plc in late 2017. Now, the solution set sits alongside those of Brand View, One Click Retail and PlanetRetail as part of Edge by Ascential, a next generation data, insights and advisory service compiled by British business to business media conglomerate Ascential plc.", "URL": "https://consumergoods.com/readers-choice-survey-2019-digital-commerce"}, {"Title": "Cloud Migration Services Market Graceful for an Touchy Development in the Near Future", "Text": "Global Cloud Migration Services Market Research Report \u2013 By Services (Managed Services), Deployment (Public, Private), Organization Size (SMEs, Large Enterprises), Applications (Infrastructure Management), Industries (Government) Forecast Till 2023 The global cloud migration services market is booming with the increasing adoption of hybrid cloud services among large enterprises. The factors that are boosting the growth of the cloud migration services market are increasing demand for cloud management and consulting solutions among small medium organizations. On September 18, 2019, International Business Machines Corporation had launched two new services for providing cloud migration services to the companies. International Business Machines Corporation is offering cloud migration services at a very low cost to the small medium enterprises. Get Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5785 By region, the global cloud migration services market is gaining momentum across the various geographical region including North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, among others. In the North American region, the cloud migration services are gaining traction due to increasing demand for data security which is boosting the market growth in the forthcoming years. According to Market Research Future Analysis, the global cloud migration services market is estimated to reach USD ~ 8 billion by the end of the forecast period of 2023, at a CAGR of ~22%. Industry News: On Mar 23, 2019, Microsoft Corporation has launched cloud computing education initiative with Azure cloud services to educate Australian public service workers. With this initiative, the company has conducted a program for the government's cloud migration services market with a secure cloud strategy. On Mar 20, 2019, VMware, Inc. has expanded their cloud services portfolio with the increasing adoption of multi cloud services. With this expansion, the company is fulfilling the customer requirement by improving the risk management and complexity of the cloud. On October 17, 2019, International Business Machines Corporation had launched new cloud migration and deployment services which help the organizations in shifting their data and applications to the cloud. Key Players Market Research Future (MRFR) recognizes the following companies as the key players in the global cloud migration services market: Microsoft Corporation (U.S.), Tech Mahindra (India), Dell (U.S.), International Business Machines Corporation (U.S.), HCL Technologies (India), Accenture PLC (Republic of Ireland), Wipro Ltd. (India), NTT DATA, Inc. (Japan), Vmware, Inc. (U.S.), Amazon Web Services Inc. (U.S.), and among others. Segments The global Cloud Migration Services Market is segmented into services, deployment, organization size, applications, industries, and region. The services segment is further sub segmented asmanaged services and professional service. The deployment is sub segmented into public, private, hybrid. The organization size segment is sub segmented into SMEs and large enterprises. The applications segment is sub segmented into infrastructure management, security and compliance management, workforce management, project management and others. The industries segment is sub segmented into government, IT & telecommunication, manufacturing, and others. The market is spanned across regions namely North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information, including inputs from key participants in the industry. The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors.", "URL": "http://www.comunicati.net/comunicati/aziende/informatica/information_technology/539769.html"}, {"Title": "Epigenetics Market Projected to Garner $1,321 Mn by 2023 at 13.1", "Text": "SOURCE Allied Market Research\nRapid advancements in gene technology, rise in genome mapping programs globally, and increase in occurrence of cancer and other infectious diseases are expected to propel the growth of the global epigenetics market.\nPORTLAND, Oregon , Feb. 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ Allied Market Research published a report, titled, \" Epigenetics Market by Product [Enzymes (DNA Ligases, DNA Polymerases, Other DNA modifying Enzymes), Kits & Assays (Bisulfite Conversion Kits, Chip Seq Kits, Deep Sequencing Kits, Methyltransferase Assays, Histone Assays, Immunoprecipitation Kits), Instruments (Mass Spectrometers, Next generation Sequencers, qPCRs, and Sonicators), and Reagents (Antibodies, Buffers, Histones, Magnetic Beads, Primers, and Other Epigenetics Reagents)], Application (Oncology and Non oncology Diseases, Developmental Biology, Drug Discovery, and Others), and End User [Academic & Research Institutes, Pharmaceutical Companies, Biotechnology Companies, and Contract Research Organizations (CROs)] Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2017 2023. According to the report, the global epigenetics market was valued at $630 million in 2017 and is expected to reach $1,321 million by 2023, registering a CAGR of 13.1% during the forecast period.\nThe surge in prevalence of cancer and other infectious diseases, increase in genome mapping programs worldwide, and advancements in gene technology drive the growth of the global epigenetics market. However, standardization concerns over epigenetic based diagnostics and lack of skilled professionals in this field restrict market growth. Nonetheless, rise in awareness regarding epigenetics in emerging economies would create lucrative opportunities for new market players in the near future.\nRequest Sample Report at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request sample/846\nInstruments in epigenetics are projected to grow at the fastest rate\nBased on product, the instruments segment is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR of 14.9% during the forecast period, supplemented by the increasing use of instruments in the analytical and life science industry. However, the kits & assays segment occupied more than one third of the global market in 2016 and is expected to continue its dominance throughout 2023.\nOncology to remain the dominant segment through 2023\nBy application, the oncology segment is expected to garner almost two thirds of the global market from 2017 to 2023, owing to the growing trend of biomarker research and the rise in the development of anticancer therapies. However, the non oncology segment is projected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period, owing to the effectiveness of epigenetic therapies in treating metabolic, inflammatory, and cardiovascular diseases.\nFor Purchase Enquiry: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/purchase enquiry/846\nAcademic & government research institutes are expected to dominate the market\nBased on end user, academic & government research institutes is anticipated to remain the dominant segment throughout the forecast period owing to rise in demand for extraction services, library preparation, methylation services, and clinical grade targeted sequencing among researchers and scientists. However, the biotechnology companies segment is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR of 13.7% from 2017 to 2023.\nAsia Pacific to encounter the highest growth in the near future\nAs the markets in developed countries are almost saturated, Asia Pacific is projected to provide major opportunities to venture capitalists and investors throughout the forecast period. The region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR of 14.8%, driven by significant developments by China and Japan towards incorporating new technologies in healthcare.\nKey market players\nThe key players analyzed in the report include Abcam plc., Illumina, QIAGEN N.V., Merck & Co., New England Biolabs, Inc., Sigma Aldrich Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Active Motif. Diagenode, Inc., and Zymo Research Corporation. They have adopted different strategies including collaborations, joint ventures, partnerships, expansions, mergers & acquisitions, and others to gain a strong position in the industry.\nAccess KNOWLEDGE TREE (Premium on demand, subscription based pricing model) at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/knowledgetree\nKnowledge tree is a cloud based intelligence platform that offers more than 2,000 selective, off the shelf reports on niche markets to enable our clients gain deep insights on the latest trends, dynamic technologies, and emerging application areas.\nSimilar Reports:\nRNA Sequencing Market\nSmall Animal Imaging (In Vivo) Market\nAbout Us\nAllied Market Research (AMR) is a full service market research and business consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of \"Market Research Reports\" and \"Business Intelligence Solutions.\" AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain.\nWe are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry.\nContact:\nDavid Correa\n5933 NE Win Sivers Drive\n#205, Portland, OR 97220\nUnited States\nUSA /Canada (Toll Free):\n+1 800 792 5285, +1 503 894 6022, +1 503 446 1141\nUK: +44 845 528 1300\nHong Kong : +852 301 84916\nIndia ( Pune ): +91 20 66346060\nFax: +1(855)550 5975\nhelp@alliedmarketresearch.com\nWeb: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com\nView original content: http://www.prnewswire.com/news releases/epigenetics market projected to garner 1 321 mn by 2023 at 13 1 cagr says amr 300798779.html", "URL": "http://www.mylubbocktv.com/story/39993659/epigenetics-market-projected-to-garner-1321-mn-by-2023-at-131-cagr-says-amr"}, {"Title": "Equities Research Analysts\u2019 Updated EPS Estimates for August, 28th (ABCZY, ALTR, ANIP, ANZBY, APEN, ARI, ASPU, BBX, BITA, BMRRY)", "Text": "Equities Research Analysts' updated eps estimates for Wednesday, August 28th:\nABCAM PLC/ADR (OTCMKTS:ABCZY) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, \"Abcam PLC distributes antibodies and associated protein research tools. Its product includes primary and secondary antibodies, proteins, peptides, lysates, biochemicals, immunoassays and other kits. Abcam PLC is headquartered in Cambridge, the United Kingdom. \"\nGet ABCAM PLC/ADR alerts: Altair Engineering (NASDAQ:ALTR) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, \"Altair Engineering Inc. is focused on the development and broad application of simulation technology to synthesize and optimize designs, processes and decisions for business performance. The company serves broad industry segments. Altair Engineering Inc. is headquartered in Michigan, USA. \"\nANI Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ANIP) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, \"ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company. It engaged in developing, manufacturing and marketing branded and generic prescription pharmaceuticals. The company offers liquid, powder, oral solid dose, cough/cold products, antacids, laxatives, stomach remedies as well as hydrocortisone retention enema, esterified estrogen and methyltestosterone, fluvoxamine maleate tablets, hydrocortisone rectal suspension, metoclopramide oral solution, opium tincture and metoclopramide tablets. In addition, it offers contract manufacturing services for other pharmaceutical companies. The company serves through wholesalers, smaller regional distributors and chains and pharmacy and retail outlets primarily in the United States. ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc., formerly known as BioSante Pharmaceuticals, Inc., is headquartered in Baudette, MN. \"\nANZ (OTCMKTS:ANZBY) was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating. According to Zacks, \"Austria and New Zealand Banking's principal activities are the provision of general banking services, hire purchase and general finance, life assurance, property development, mortgage lending and other financial services. The Group operates within Australia, New Zealand, Europe, Asia, the Americas and the Middle East. \"\nApollo Endosurgery (NASDAQ:APEN) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, \"Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. is engaged in designing and manufacturing of medical devices for weight loss solutions and gastrointestinal disorders. The Company's product segment includes ORBERA (R), LAP BAND (R) and OverStitch(TM). The ORBERA is an Intragastric Balloon System which is a weight loss aid for adults suffering from obesity. The LAP BAND System is developed for weight reduction for patients with obesity. The OverStitch Endoscopic Suturing System enables endoscopic surgery. It operates primarily in Asia Pacific, European Office, Latin and South America and Costa Rica. Apollo Endosurgery, Inc., formerly known as Lpath, Inc., is headquatered in Austin, Texas. \"\nApollo Commercial Real Est. Finance (NYSE:ARI) was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating. According to Zacks, \"Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. is focused on investing in, acquiring and managing senior performing commercial real estate mortgage loans, commercial mortgage backed securities, commercial real estate corporate debt and loans, and other real estate debt investments. The Company is a commercial real estate finance company that is managed and advised by ACREFI Management, LLC, a indirect subsidiary of Apollo Global Management, LLC. \"\nAspen Group (NASDAQ:ASPU) was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating. According to Zacks, \"Aspen Group, Inc. is an online post secondary education company. It offers certificate programs and associate, bachelor, master, and doctoral degree programs in a range of areas, including business and organization management, education, nursing, information technology, and general studies. Aspen Group, Inc. is headquartered in Denver, Colorado. \"\nBBX Capital (NYSE:BBX) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, \"BBX Capital Corporation is a holding company whose principal holding is Bluegreen Corporation. The Company is involved in the acquisition, ownership and management of joint ventures and investments in real estate and real estate development projects, as well as acquisitions, investments and management of middle market operating businesses. BBX Capital Corporation, formerly known as BFC Financial Corporation, is based in FL, United States. \"\nBitauto (NYSE:BITA) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a sell rating to a hold rating. According to Zacks, \"Bitauto Holdings Limited is engaged in providing internet content and marketing services for automotive industry in China. Its bitauto.com and ucar.cn websites provide consumers new and used automobile pricing information, specifications, reviews and consumer feedback. The Company operates in three segments bitauto.com business, ucar.cn business and digital marketing solutions business. Bitauto.com business provides subscription services to new automobile dealers and advertising services to dealers and automakers on bitauto.com website. Bitauto's ucar.cn business provides listing and advertising services to used automobile dealers on ucar.cn website. The Company's digital marketing solutions business provides automakers with digital marketing solutions, including website creation and maintenance, online public relations, online marketing campaigns and advertising agent services. Bitauto Holdings Limited is headquartered in Beijing, the People's Republic of China. \"\nB&M EURO VALUE/ADR (OTCMKTS:BMRRY) was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating. According to Zacks, \"B&M European Value Retail S.A. is a multiprice value retailer. It offers fast moving consumer goods and non grocery products. The company operates primarily in United Kingdom and Germany. B&M European Value Retail S.A. is based in Luxembourg. \"\nBrixmor Property Group (NYSE:BRX) was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a buy rating. The firm currently has $20.00 target price on the stock. According to Zacks, \"Brixmor Property Group Inc. operates as a real estate investment trust. It owns and operates a portfolio of grocery anchored community and neighborhood shopping centers primarily in the United States. Brixmor Property Group Inc. is based in United States. \"\nDA Davidson started coverage on shares of Exponent (NASDAQ:EXPO). DA Davidson issued a neutral rating on the stock.\nSidoti began coverage on shares of Forrester Research (NASDAQ:FORR). Sidoti issued a buy rating and a $55.00 target price on the stock.\nLoop Capital assumed coverage on shares of NXP Semiconductors (NASDAQ:NXPI). Loop Capital issued a buy rating on the stock.\nTiffany & Co. (NYSE:TIF) had its buy rating reissued by analysts at Guggenheim. Guggenheim currently has a $115.00 target price on the stock. The analysts wrote, \"We reiterate our BUY rating as we believe TIF's top line should benefit from 1) the ongoing investments, 2) more frequent product innovation, and 3) easier YoY compares. Additionally, we believe today's results demonstrate the company is managing the business well in a difficult period (SG&A expense management drove the EPS upside). We continue to see meaningful operating margin expansion opportunity L T.\"\n2U (NASDAQ:TWOU) was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a hold rating to a sell rating. According to Zacks, \"2U, Inc. is an education technology company. It is a provider of cloud based software as a service (SaaS) solutions that enables nonprofit colleges and universities to deliver their education to students anywhere. The Company offers graduate and undergraduate degree programs in social work, science, public administration, healthcare, laws, education, and business administration. It also offers a suite of technology enabled services including content development, student acquisition, and state authorization services, as well as application advising, student and faculty support, and in program student field placements. 2U, Inc. is based in Landover, Maryland. \"", "URL": "https://www.wkrb13.com/2019/08/28/equities-research-analysts-updated-eps-estimates-for-august-28th-abczy-altr-anip-anzby-apen-ari-aspu-bbx-bita-bmrry.html"}, {"Title": "Infosys Ties Up With ARLANXEO to Aid Digital Transformation", "Text": "Infosys INFY has been selected by ARLANXEO, a global market leader in synthetic elastomers, as an IT partner to boost the latter's Digital Ecosystem Application portfolio.\nInfosys will support ARLANXEO's digital transformation journey with SAP SAP S/4HANA's assistance as the core platform, which will be leveraged across the organization.\nWith this partnership, Infosys will deliver IT support and projects for the company's S/4HANA digital ecosystem with a portfolio of SAP cloud and ecosystem applications. Moreover, Infosys will also aid its overall application development.\nFurthermore, the company expects this collaboration to expand its footprint in the chemical industry of Europe.\nDigital Transformation: A Positive\nInfosys has been attempting to strengthen its digital transformation capacities for cementing its position in the highly competitive landscape.\nThe company is assisting its clients in more than 45 countries to create and execute strategies for their respective digital transformations. CEO Salil Parikh has also been focusing more on investments in digital technologies ever since he assumed office.\nNotably, a large number of deal wins and rapidly growing digital services are constant key catalysts for the company. Strong demand for its services in the cloud, IoT, cyber security, data and analytics is also a major driver. Higher investments by clients in digital transformation, artificial intelligence and automation are an upside as well.\nIDC expects spending on technologies and services that enables digital transformation of business practices, products and organizations to reach $1.18 trillion this year, reflecting an increase of 17.9% year over year.\nWe therefore believe that the company's initiatives to this end will favor its top line going forward.\nInfosys Limited Revenue (TTM)\nInfosys Limited Revenue (TTM) More Infosys Limited revenue ttm | Infosys Limited Quote: Infosys Rides on Alliance Efforts\nInfosys has been reinforcing its core competencies by chasing collaborations and acquisitions. The company's alliance strategy aims at teaming up with foremost technology providers, thereby allowing it to encash the emerging technologies in a mutually beneficial and cost competitive manner.\nIn order to boost digital, cloud, legacy modernization and automation business, Infosys consolidated its tie ups with Adobe, Microsoft, Amazon Web Services and salesforce.com.\nLast year, the company in its attempt to target enterprise customers joined forces with Alphabet's GOOGL Google Cloud for offering cloud transformation and migration services.\nWe believe, such efforts in digital transformation will solidify the company's position to compete with rivals like Accenture ACN and Cognizant.\nInfosys currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.\nThe Hottest Tech Mega Trend of All\nLast year, it generated $24 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $77.6 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce \"\"the world's first trillionaires,\"\" but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.\nSee Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This Trend >>\nWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\nAlphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report\nSAP SE (SAP) : Free Stock Analysis Report\nInfosys Limited (INFY) : Free Stock Analysis Report\nAccenture PLC (ACN) : Free Stock Analysis Report\nTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.", "URL": "https://sg.finance.yahoo.com/news/infosys-ties-arlanxeo-aid-digital-135401258.html"}, {"Title": "All the Data without the Trouble", "Text": "All the Data without the Trouble All the Data without the Trouble January 03 2019 GO TO WEBSITE FOR MORE INFORMATION\nIn order to compete and win in a global, competitive, fast moving world with increasing demands, all kinds of technology must be harnessed and put to good use. But without an effective approach to enterprise integration, all these technologies remain in silos and won't be useful to the business.\nThe following article describes how technology collaboration between two open, automation industry standards organizations is changing the paradigm for integrating control systems, applications and devices within a unified architecture \u2013 all aimed at optimizing information exchange throughout the industrial enterprise.\nBackground\nAs two leading open, industrial automation standards organizations, FDT Group and OPC Foundation are working together to provide greater access to critical information throughout the industrial enterprise. FDT is the established integration standard, globally adopted with hundreds of thousands of FDT/FRAME enabled control and asset management systems and tens of millions of FDT/DTM enabled field devices, while the OPC Unified Architecture (UA) provides an infrastructure to make enterprise information available to thousands of other applications and platforms.\nThe FDT standard intersects the variety of networks attached to intelligent instrumentation and the higher level systems that interact with these devices. It establishes an open, modular and holistic automation architecture that adapts to the changing requirements of suppliers and end users. FDT incorporates a plant hierarchy based on a physical network topology coupled with a logical topology. The technology supports all the major networks employed in process, hybrid and discrete automation, and is adaptive to future networks as the industry demands. This approach makes it possible for FDT based systems to transparently tunnel through disparate networks to gain access, and talk with any end device.\nOPC UA, on the other hand, is focused on providing complete information modeling that allows industry stakeholders to take advantage of a service oriented architecture enabling previously disconnected devices and applications to work together in a seamless manner. For example, OPC UA enables client applications to connect to server applications without understanding the syntax and semantics of the data compiled into the client application. This approach is all about simple discovery of the capabilities of the server, and efficiently leveraging its services and data.\nMeeting today's data challenges\nIn November 2016, FDT Group and OPC Foundation announced the release of an FDT for OPC UA companion specification/annex for information modeling. This was an important milestone for standard integration of information provided by FDT/DTMs into the OPC UA information model.\nRecently, the FDT Group worked with OPC Foundation to enable native integration that's supported both by OPC UA and FDT 2.x technologies. Instead of writing this integration capability into the FDT specification, the two organizations collaborated on a companion specification describing how to implement an OPC UA Server in an FDT/FRAME as part of the emerging FDT IIoT Server (FITS ) architecture. Most of the companion specification is devoted to outlining the data mapping between the two sides.\nThe FITS solution takes advantage of the FDT for OPC UA companion specification in enabling sensor to cloud, enterprise wide connectivity for industrial control systems. It combines native OPC UA integration, web services and control network interoperability to optimize connectivity and information exchange for the next generation of automation. The solution also features layered security addressing all components of the server architecture.\nProgress on information integration\nStandard integration of information provided by FDT/DTMs into the OPC UA information model is essential for device diagnostics, configuration and remote asset management, as well for integration with higher level business applications. This document defines an OPC UA Information model to represent the FDT architectural models. This allows an FDT/FRAME or FDT IIoT Server to expose project structure and device specific information through standard OPC UA mechanisms. While this mapping is an essential activity to achieve interoperability, it is completely transparent to the end user.\nAs part of the integrated FDT/OPC UA solution, the built in OPC UA Server can read and write device information. Any OPC UA Client can access the FDT/OPC UA Server and obtain data as long as it has the right credentials. There are a multitude of possible clients within this architecture.\nFrom the FDT standpoint, the aforementioned approach exposes its project tree to the OPC UA Client so that it can see what devices are accessible. As users click on each device, they can view and access its specific attributes and information.\nFigure 1: Screenshot of FDT OPC UA Client showing the project tree exposing what devices are accessible.\nOPC UA provides a uniform information exchange methodology between applications, whereas FDT provides network/device configuration and access to devices. The combined FDT/OPC UA approach enables unification of system engineering, configuration and diagnosis in Industrie 4.0.\nThe capabilities for OPC UA integration were introduced with the FDT 2.0 specification. Additional enhancements were made with the subsequent 2.1 version and will be strengthened in the 2.5 standard (also known as FITS), which is set to deploy in the 4 th quarter of 2018.\nOptimizing network communication\nWe all know that process control and discrete automation systems, field devices and other electronic instruments are networked so they can exchange information. But how does that information get where it's supposed to go?\nWithin a traditional client server (i.e., request response) communication model, a client computer or software requests data or services, and a server computer or software responds to the request by providing the data or service.\nFor example, when sending a spreadsheet to the printer, the spreadsheet program is the client. Its request for printer services goes to the print server, which responds to the request and allocates resources for printers on the network. The print server handles all the client requests for printing, making sure the spreadsheet and other pending print jobs are all completed in an orderly way.\nA different way for systems and devices to communicate on a network is called publish subscribe messaging (i.e., a form of asynchronous service to service communication). In this model, any message published to the network on a topic is immediately received by all of the subscribers to the topic. Clients that publish the data send it only when the data changes. Clients that subscribe to the data automatically receive it from the server, but again, only when it changes.\nThe publish subscribe extension enables public subscriptions for larger numbers of devices. The client server model has drawbacks in this case, as a large number of connections would have to be established, each client would need to provide memory for storing the connection information, and high processor load would be generated in the server for encoding the individual messages per established connection.\nOPC Foundation recently announced the release of a publish subscribe (aka, \"PubSub\") specification to make the OPC UA standard compatible with emerging IIoT applications. Its mission is to provide a mechanism for publishing server data to many clients. With OPC UA PubSub, applications do not directly exchange requests and responses. Instead, publishers send messages to a message oriented middleware, without knowledge of what, if any, subscribers there may be. Similarly, subscribers express interest in specific types of data, and process messages that contain this data, without knowledge of what publishers there are.\nAmong other things, PubSub allows peer to peer communication between industrial controllers, and between controllers and human machine interfaces (HMIs). The peers are not directly connected and do not even need to know about the existence of each other. It also allows things like asynchronous workflows and OPC UA Servers to stream data to applications hosted in the cloud.\nImproving information exchange\nThanks to ongoing FDT/OPC collaboration, members of the industrial automation industry have a choice of methodologies for implementing a network communication model that suits their specific needs. Both client server and publish subscribe models are included in the FDT for OPC UA companion specification.\nWith the client server approach, the client goes through OPC UA to access current data values but must keep asking to verify the information. This is done either through a program in the OPC UA Client or by having an individual do a manual \"refresh.\"\nAlternatively, the emerging FITS architecture can employ a publish subscribe methodology allowing sensor, network and topology information to permeate the enterprise, including mobile devices, distributed control systems (DCSs), programmable logic controllers (PLCs), manufacturing execution systems (MESs), enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems, the cloud, IIoT and Industry 4.0.\nThe publish subscribe methodology eliminates the burden of request response communication. Clients essentially say, \"I'm interested in a particular piece of data, so please tell me whenever it changes.\" Multiple clients can subscribe and receive notifications at once. The server will automatically notify all the subscribed clients when the specified information has changed according to the pre defined parameters. This approach has been proven to save valuable system bandwidth. Think of a child in the back seat of a car asking, \"Are we there yet?\" The child is now quiet until something changes (i.e., the parents in the front seat announcing, \"We're here!\").\nA typical use case for the publish subscribe communication model is employing OPC UA and an FDT/DTM to monitor device health. By requesting notification only on changes in device condition, system and network resources are freed from continually polling the device to ascertain its health.\nOne of the key advantages of the FDT architecture is OPC UA is an easy plug in. There's no need for changes to the communication, gateway or device DTMs. The FDT standard is robustly written so that it is only necessary to intercept communications at the right points within the FDT/FRAME or FDT Core Server in FITS to fully enable OPC UA. Plant or factory personnel can see all the networks on the server, as well as all FRAME applications and devices with DTMs through OPC UA. In addition, developers writing communication or device DTMs don't have any added requirements to support OPC UA.\nFigure 2: FDT IIoT Server (FITS) topology\nIn the classic automation architecture, a DCS or PLC is located near the middle of the hierarchy and communicates with all of the upper level business systems like MES and ERP. This activity is completely eliminated with the integrated FDT/OPC UA solution.\nBenefits to industrial enterprises\nAs described in this article, the FDT/OPC UA information model was designed to provide expanded integration capabilities along with ease of implementation. When industry stakeholders implement OPC UA, however, they may have challenges using the technology within their automation architecture due to the data trafficking role of the PLC or DCS. This could require the assistance of a process or control engineer to expose the required data from the control system to OPC UA.\nFDT/OPC collaboration is intended to eliminate the typical constraints in industrial communication. When most engineers think of OPC UA, for example, they envision it running at the Ethernet level \u2013 but some kind of device hardware is needed to reach a compatible network. With the addition of FDT technology, users can take advantage of their existing infrastructure, thus bypassing any PLC or DCS that's in the architecture and communicating directly with end devices through OPC UA. As long as the device has a DTM in the FRAME or Server, the user will be able to access the device and all of its data through OPC UA.\nIf the user already has an FDT/OPC UA enabled application in the architecture there is no need for additional configuration other than assigning security credentials. At that point, every bit of data inside FDT is accessible through OPC UA. Engineers are no longer faced with modifying ladder logic or writing rules for DCS systems. Thanks to an OPC UA Server inside an FDT application, all of the information is available. Nothing is held back, and there is no need for extensive configuration work to get the desired data. If a DTM is present, every bit of data about a device is available through the application.\nFurthermore, IT departments utilizing MES or ERP systems don't have to consult with a PLC or DCS programmer every time they want to access specific types of control data. They can just browse the server structure and find the necessary information. IT personnel also have a choice of ways to interface with the FDT Core Server.\nOPC UA is a known entity in the IT world with available tools to enable full connectivity and easy integration. As an option, FDT Web Services can be used to write Apps to support maintenance or engineering organizations. Users can access FITS through web sockets to browse project structures and perform other tasks.\nConclusion\nIndustrial organizations can now bring systems, applications and devices together in a unified architecture to exchange information throughout the enterprise. With integration of the FDT and OPC UA standards, they have an optimal approach for multi network intelligent device configuration and data interchange. Did you Enjoy this Article?\nCheck out our free e newslettersto read more great articles.", "URL": "https://www.automation.com/library/white-papers/all-the-data-without-the-trouble"}, {"Title": "Implementing secure remote access to machines: key considerations", "Text": "Madison Technologies\nMachine builders need a safe and effective way to gain visibility into their machines and to be able to remotely connect to and manage their machines.\nThe IIoT has revolutionised the way business owners view their production environment by providing the capability to acquire real time data from machines and devices in the field so that business owners can efficiently monitor and control production processes. OEE and zero equipment downtime are no longer just buzzwords because they are the key to a successful business. In order to increase production efficiency and cut operation costs, business operators are adopting new technologies and tools to help them gain more insight into their processes and systems. This new trend is compelling machine builders to provide tools and services that support the goals of zero downtime and high OEE for business owners' machines and equipment. Remote access technology is key to helping machine builders achieve these goals.\nData collected from experienced support engineers indicate that an estimated 60\u201370% of operational problems in machines simply require a software upgrade or some parameter changes to fix the problem, and tellingly, many of these can be done remotely! By adopting remote access solutions, machine builders can avoid time consuming and expensive on site work for troubleshooting such problems in the field.\nFurthermore, with remote access technology, machine builders can acquire real time data from machines installed at field sites. And, based on the actual condition of the equipment, machine builders can predict machine failures before they occur. This ability gives business owners the opportunity to schedule machine maintenance services in advance, thus enabling them to improve the availability of their machines, in addition to improving production quality and speed. Such predictive maintenance services provided by machine builders can dramatically improve the overall equipment effectiveness of plant machines and equipment.\nSome machine builders have adopted traditional remote access methods, such as virtual private networking (VPN) and remote desktop connections (RDC), to improve their service levels and to provide quick response times for their customers. However, these traditional remote access solutions have various limitations and constraints that prevent machine builders from achieving their maximum service potential. Challenges for OEMs in using VPN and RDC solutions\nVPNs and RDC \u2014 the latter of which uses virtual network computing (VNC) \u2014 are two common methods used to remotely access machines and equipment at field sites. Figure 1: Traditional remote management tools \u2014 VPN and RDC. For a larger image, click here.\nVPN and RDC solutions can facilitate secure connections to remote machines. However, many of these solutions lack the flexibility or the intelligence to meet the specific needs of industrial machine builders. There are five key elements that such machine builders have to consider when they use VPN and RDC solutions. Time consuming set up process requiring extensive IT knowledge\nMultiple parameters, including IP address, domain name, key ID, authentication mode, a suitable encryption algorithm and an efficient hash function, all need to be configured to properly establish connectivity with remote machines and to be able to exchange the necessary authentication keys and data. This process is complex and time consuming, and requires extensive IT knowledge, which a majority of automation engineers may not be familiar with. Compromises in corporate security policies are required\nVPN applications require the VPN server to have a static public IP address, and some specific network ports need to be configured to permit inbound and outbound traffic. In the inbound firewall rules, users have to create NAT rules and enable port forwarding to allow inbound VPN connections. In the outbound firewall, UDP port 500 or UDP port 4500 or some other designated port has to be configured to allow outbound VPN connections. Most IT departments are unwilling to implement these changes in their organisation's network because the changes may create network vulnerabilities and compromise network security. Creating firewall rules that are secure and flexible at the same time has proven to be a major challenge for most IT departments, especially those that manage industrial networks. Complexity and high cost of ensuring security\nVPN connections between machine builders and machine operators are usually site to site connections, which typically provide machine builders with remote access to all local devices in a plant's network. Plant operators want to restrict the network access of machine builders so that only a selected set of machines are accessible. For example, plant operators need ways to restrict access by plant equipment and specify the applications that can be accessed remotely to prevent unauthorised access to production information and unauthorised or accidental operation of plant equipment. The only way to mitigate this risk is for IT departments to create separate end to end connections using VPN technology, which, as previously noted, is complex and expensive, thereby drastically increasing set up and maintenance costs. VPN security is difficult to manage\nOne way to achieve a higher level of security is to have different pre shared keys or X.509 certificates for each VPN tunnel. When the number of VPN tunnels required are few, it is easy to manage the keys or certificates for these connections. However, as the number of VPN tunnels grows, it becomes more difficult to manage these keys and certificates. When VPN servers or client systems are changed, certificates have to be regenerated. When a certificate expires, a new certificate has to be assigned and reloaded to the system, which further complicates maintenance. Scalability and flexibility are costly\nVPN servers typically have a limitation on the number of VPN tunnels they can support. When a business grows, more and more machines and devices are connected to the network with an increasing number of engineers supporting business operations. This leads to an increase in the number of VPN connections required. Once this number exceeds the VPN server's capabilities, machine builders will need to install a new VPN server and go through an additional time consuming configuration process.\nVPN servers are typically located in the machine builder's service centre. A large number of VPN clients in remote sites are connected to these VPN servers in the centralised service centre. Support engineers typically do not have access to the server from outside the service centre, so in order to have access to the VPN servers from outside \u2014 for example, by using OpenVPN or L2TP over IPsec \u2014 VPN servers have to be installed at remote sites, and each VPN server needs to have a public IP address. This results in high installation and maintenance costs. In addition, a remote connection requires different network subnets on the server side as well as on the client side. If engineers want to simultaneously diagnose remote equipment on different sites, they have to be aware of the IP subnet configurations at the remote IP sites in order to avoid IP address conflicts and other problems.\nSimilarly, a remote desktop connection to a PLC or other controller is neither straightforward nor convenient. It requires, at a minimum, a dedicated PC that is connected to the machine and has all of the relevant software tools installed. As a business grows, the number of dedicated PCs and the number of software tool licences will increase, leading to a steep rise in IT costs. In addition, one needs to consider the effort to maintain the PCs and the software tools installed on them. Machine builders tend to prefer identical versions of the software tools to be installed on both the client and host machines since this simplifies the troubleshooting process. To do so, the IT engineers assigned for maintenance need to coordinate all updates to software tools between the server and client sides.\nBecause of these limitations and restrictions in VPN and RDC based remote access solutions, machine builders and equipment manufacturers are looking for easy to use, secure, flexible and scalable solutions that can be used to remotely manage their machines and equipment. Cloud based secure remote access\nCloud based remote access is a new type of remote access solution that enables flexible remote access to field machines. The network topology of a cloud based remote access solution is composed of three components: a remote gateway, a cloud server and client software. Remote gateways are connected to field equipment in order to remotely access and control them, while client software is installed on the engineer's PC or desktop. The cloud server can be installed on a cloud based platform such as Amazon Web Services or Microsoft Azure.\nThe remote gateway and client software will both initiate outbound secure connection requests to the cloud server. The cloud server maps the two connection requests and, after successful authentication on both sides, a connection is established. Figure 2: Cloud based secure remote access. For a larger image, click here.\nCloud based secure remote access solutions implement a network topology that enables the creation of outbound connections in the form of remote access tunnels, thereby effectively overcoming the challenges that the traditional VPN and remote desktop control technologies present. In addition, cloud based remote access brings a number of additional benefits for machine builders. Ease of use\nIn a cloud based remote access solution, security parameters are configured automatically, permitting plug and play access without the need for technical configuration. Machine builders do not need to configure these parameters; they just need to click on a button to establish a remote connection.\nVirtual IP addresses make also multipoint remote access effortless. Irrespective of the initial IP addresses set up by machine builders, cloud based solutions assign a unique virtual IP address to machines. Machine builders can use these virtual IP addresses to establish multiple simultaneous remote connections. In addition, machine builders can use identical IP schemes for different field sites without worrying about IP address conflicts.\nManagement is also easier because in cloud based remote access solutions, the cloud server is the central point for establishing and managing remote connections. Administrators can monitor the traffic status and volume of each connection by connecting to the cloud server. Furthermore, administrators can easily manage client accounts, remote gateways and certificates without the need for frequent reconfiguration. All these management tasks can be done via an easy to set up cloud based server portal. Enhanced security\nCloud based remote access solutions provide end to end data encryption between an item of remote equipment and an engineer's PC. The cloud server only routes the traffic and does not decrypt or store the data that is passing through, preventing data leaks.\nThe ability to provide on demand remote access control simply is also an advantage. Machine builders use remote access solutions to perform troubleshooting, monitoring, maintenance and diagnostics. Remote access to machines and equipment is typically not required on a continuous basis and hence can be used on an as needed basis to minimise security issues and reduce costs, especially in cases where remote connectivity is based on a volume dependent pricing option, such as with cellular technology. Furthermore, machine operators want to be able to take measures to prevent machine builders from remotely accessing all applications on their local network by limiting the scope of remote access to only applications that machine builders need to access, thereby eliminating the risk of interference with plant operations. Cloud based remote access provides machine operators with the ability to initiate or accept remote connections, and machine operators can create rules as to which services and applications \u2014 such as HTTPS or Telnet \u2014 that machine builders are authorised to use remotely. They can also control who has the authority to use them, for example, by restricting access to a specific set of service engineers.\nExisting IT security policies can also be maintained, because cloud based remote access solutions build outbound connections using the outbound service port 443 to access remote equipment, which does not present any issues for IT departments managing plant networks. Cloud based remote access solutions can work in harmony with the IT security policies of machine operators. Flexibility and scalability\nSince client software isn't limited to specific hardware, as long as they have an active client account, users can download the client software to any laptop or PC and have remote access from anywhere and at any time.\nCloud based remote access solutions also create a transparent tunnel that connects the client with the remote equipment as if they were on the same network. So regardless of the remote equipment being accessed, and independent of the protocol used to pull data or for programming, machine builders can remotely acquire data or program remote equipment using their own software tools as if the machine builder was sitting next to the remote equipment.\nNetwork expansion is also much easier. Network administrators can easily add and remove equipment and manage client accounts and certificates as they expand their remote networks. Conclusion\nOEMs and machine builders require a secure, easy to use and scalable remote access solution to enable on demand remote access to their machines deployed in the field. Traditional VPN and RDC solutions are cumbersome and require IT and networking knowledge as well as changes in security and firewall policies. A remote access solution that is backed by a cloud based management infrastructure can provide the ease of use, flexibility and scalability required by OEMs, without compromising on security.\nTop image: \u00a9stock.adobe.com/au/metamorworks", "URL": "http://processonline.com.au/content/industrial-networks-buses/article/implementing-secure-remote-access-to-machines-key-considerations-1406462380"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "Oracle Corporation", "intensity": 51.0, "score": 3441, "relationshipStrength": "Weak", "news": [{"Title": "North American Cloud Services Brokerage Market to 2024 by Platform, Service Type, Deployment Model, Organization Size, End-user and Country - ResearchAndMarkets.com", "Text": "The \"North\nAmerica Cloud Services Brokerage Market (2018 2024)\" report\nhas been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.\nThe North America Cloud Services Brokerage Market is expected to witness\nmarket growth of 14.9% CAGR during the forecast period (2018 2024).\nOwing to the extreme proximity of a huge number of cloud service brokers\nand abundance of existing data centers in North America, the region is\nexpected to conquer the global market in the years to come.\nRemarkable improvements and innovations in the CSB technology are likely\nto support the ruling position of North America among other regions\nacross the global market. Also, the CSB market is expected to witness a\nrapid boost in this region due to the surge in cloud enablement\nactivities and emerging trends within cloud marketplaces.\nOver the years to come, the rising awareness about the benefits\nassociated with deployment of cloud services and cloud service brokers\nacross the wide ranging end user verticals will certainly propel the\ndemand for cloud services and data centers in North America.\nThe market research report covers the analysis of key stake holders of\nthe market. Key companies profiled in the report include IBM\nCorporation, Dell technologies, Accenture, Wipro, DXC technology, Arrow\nElectronics, Tech Mahindra, ComputeNext, Oracle Corporation, and HP\nEnterprise.\nKey Topics Covered\nChapter 1. Market Scope & Methodology\n1.1 Market Definition\n1.2 Objectives\n1.3 Market Scope\n1.4 Segmentation\n1.4.1 North America Cloud Services Brokerage Market, by Platform\n1.4.2 North America Cloud Services Brokerage Market, by Service Type\n1.4.3 North America Cloud Services Brokerage Market, by Deployment Model\n1.4.4 North America Cloud Services Brokerage Market, by Organization Size\n1.4.5 North America Cloud Services Brokerage Market, by End User\n1.4.6 North America Cloud Services Brokerage Market, by Country\n1.5 Methodology for the research\nChapter 2. Market Overview\n2.1 Introduction\n2.2 Executive Summary\n2.2.1 Market Composition and Scenario\n2.2.2 Players Outlook for the Market\n2.3 Key Factors Impacting the Market\n2.3.1 Market Drivers\n2.3.2 Market Restraints\nChapter 3. Market Analysis\n3.1 Cardinal Matrix\n3.2 Recent Industry Wide Strategic Developments\n3.2.1 Partnerships, Collaborations and Agreements\n3.2.2 Product Launches\n3.2.3 Mergers & Acquisitions\n3.3 Top Winning Strategies\n3.3.1 Key Leading Strategies: Percentage Distribution (2015 2018)\n3.3.2 Key Strategic Move: Leading Players\nChapter 4. North America Cloud Service Brokerage Market by Platform\n4.1.1 North America Cloud Service Brokerage External Brokerage\nEnablement Market by Country\n4.1.2 North America Cloud Service Brokerage Internal Brokerage\nEnablement Market by Country\nChapter 5. North America Cloud Service Brokerage Market by Service Type\n5.1.1 North America Integration, Sourcing, & Procurement Cloud Service\nBrokerage Market by Country\n5.1.2 North America Vendor Management Cloud Service Brokerage Market by\nCountry\n5.1.3 North America Governance & Control Cloud Service Brokerage Market\nby Country\nChapter 6. North America Cloud Service Brokerage Market by Deployment\nModel\n6.1.1 North America Cloud Service Brokerage Public Market by Country\n6.1.2 North America Cloud Service Brokerage Private Market by Country\n6.1.3 North America Cloud Service Brokerage Hybrid Market by Country\nChapter 7. North America Cloud Service Brokerage Market by Organization\nSize\n7.1.1 North America Large Enterprises Cloud Service Brokerage Market by\nCountry\n7.1.2 North America Small & Medium Sized Enterprises Cloud Service\nBrokerage Market by Country\nChapter 8. North America Cloud Service Brokerage Market by End User\n8.1.1 North America Telecom & IT Cloud Service Brokerage Market by\nCountry\n8.1.2 North America BFSI Cloud Service Brokerage Market by Country\n8.1.3 North America Retail & Consumer Goods Cloud Service Brokerage\nMarket by Country\n8.1.4 North America Government Cloud Service Brokerage Market by Country\n8.1.5 North America Healthcare & Life Sciences Cloud Service Brokerage\nMarket by Country\n8.1.6 North America Manufacturing Cloud Service Brokerage Market by\nCountry\n8.1.7 North America Others Cloud Service Brokerage Market by Country\nChapter 9. North America Cloud Service Brokerage Market by Country\n9.1 US Cloud Service Brokerage Market\n9.2 Canada Cloud Service Brokerage Market\n9.3 Mexico Cloud Service Brokerage Market\n9.4 Rest of North America Cloud Service Brokerage Market\nChapter 10. Company profiles\n10.1 IBM Corporation\n10.1.1 Company Overview\n10.1.2 Financial Analysis\n10.1.3 Regional & Segmental Analysis\n10.1.4 Research & Development\n10.1.5 Recent Strategies & Developments\n10.1.6 SWOT Analysis\n10.2 Dell Technologies Inc.\n10.3 Accenture PLC\n10.4 Wipro\n10.5 DXC Technology Company\n10.6 Arrow Electronics Inc.\n10.7 Tech Mahindra Limited\n10.8 ComputeNext Inc.\n10.9 Oracle Corporation\n10.10 HP Enterprise Company\nFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/wmfrz6/north_american?w=4\nView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190322005366/en/", "URL": "https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/19/03/b13410087/north-american-cloud-services-brokerage-market-to-2024-by-platform-ser"}, {"Title": "Digital Banking Platform Market to 2027 - Global Analysis and Forecasts by Deployment ; Type", "Text": "NEW YORK , Sept. 18, 2019 /PRNewswire/ The global digital banking platform market was valued at US$ 3.17 Bn in 2018 and is expected to reach US$ 8.67 Bn by 2027 with a CAGR growth rate of 12.07% in the forecast period from 2019 to 2027. The major driving factors contributing to the digital banking platform market growth includes the growing digital transformation in the banking industry and rising demand for smart mobile devices and digital banking services among consumers.\nRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05815393/?utm_source=PRN\nThe digital banking platform market is segmented on the basis of deployment and type.Based on type, the digital banking platform market is segmented into corporate banking and retail banking.\nOn the basis of deployment, the digital banking platform market is segmented into the cloud and on premise.Retail banking contributed a substantial share in the global digital banking platform market.\nThe digital revolution across the globe has changed the banking landscape as well as customer behavior and expectations.New ecosystem players such as fintechs, open banking, payment services directive, and SWIFT standards are emerging in the global banking industry with innovative technology solutions.\nIn 2018, on premise was the leading segment by deployment type; however, cloud based deployment is experiencing a high CAGR.\nCompared to cloud service, on premise is costlier as it requires IT infrastructure and installation of the software.Small and medium enterprise prefer cloud service rather than on premise due to low budget and high cost of service.\nThe large enterprise mostly adopts the on premise deployment model as due to their high budgets, they can afford all the installation cost.The on premise model also provides more security than the cloud model; hence, most of the large organizations adopt on premise as their deployment model to prevent online theft.\nOn premise models provides security of the corporate content. On premise deployment type provides higher agility than the cloud deployment type.\nThe deployment of on premise solutions is sometimes complex and expensive to build in house.Not every small and medium sized enterprise finds it feasible to invest in on premise digital banking solutions.\nHence the demand for the cloud based model is anticipated to grow at a fast pace during the forecast period, especially among small and medium enterprise in developing regions. Also, the growing digital revolution across the globe is fueling the adoption of cloud based deployment in numerous industry.\nThe overall digital banking platform market size has been derived using both primary and secondary source.The research process begins with exhaustive secondary research using internal and external sources to obtain qualitative and quantitative information related to the digital banking platform market.\nIt also provides the overview and forecast for the global digital banking platform market based on all the segmentation provided concerning five primary reasons such as North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , the Middle East and Africa , and South America.Also, primary interviews were conducted with industry participants and commentators to validate data and analysis.\nThe participants who typically take part in such a process include industry expert such as VPs, business development managers, market intelligence managers, and national sales managers, and external consultants such as valuation experts, research analysts, and key opinion leaders specializing in the digital banking platform industry. The key players present in the digital banking platform market include Appway AG, CREALOGIX Holding AG, EdgeVerve Systems Limited, Fiserv, Inc., Oracle Corporation, SAP SE, Sopra Steria, Tata Consultancy Services Limited, Temenos Headquarters SA, and Worldline SA among others. Some other notable digital banking platform market players include Backbase, ieDigital, ebanklT, ETRONIKA, Fidor Solutions AG, Finastra, Intellect Design Arena Ltd, Kony, Inc., NETinfo Plc, NF Innova, TAGIT PTE LTD, and Technisys, which are not profiled in the report but the can be included based on request.\nRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05815393/?utm_source=PRN\nAbout Reportlinker\nReportLinker is an award winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need instantly, in one place.", "URL": "http://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/digital-banking-platform-market-to-2027-global-analysis-and-forecasts-by-deployment-type-1028535131"}, {"Title": "Cloud-Based Product Lifecycle Management Market to Enjoy 'Explosive Growth' to 2025: Dassault Systemes, Siemens AG, PTC Inc, Oracle Corporation, SAP SE", "Text": "Cloud Based Product Lifecycle Management Market to Enjoy 'Explosive Growth' to 2025: Dassault Systemes, Siemens AG, PTC Inc, Oracle Corporation, SAP SE\nEdison, NJ A new research study from HTF MI with title Global Cloud Based Product Lifecycle Management Market Size, Status and Forecast 2025 provides an in depth assessment of the Cloud Based Product Lifecycle Management including key market trends, upcoming technologies, industry drivers, challenges, regulatory policies, key players company profiles and strategies. The research study provides forecasts for Cloud Based Product Lifecycle Management investments till 2025. Access Sample Copy @: https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample report/1139592 global cloud based product lifecycle management market 3 If you are involved in the Cloud Based Product Lifecycle Management industry or intend to be, then this study will provide you comprehensive outlook. It's vital you keep your market knowledge up to date segmented by Portfolio Management, Product Data Management, Collaborative Design and Engineering, Customer Management & Compliance Management, , SaaS & PaaS and major players. If you have a different set of players/manufacturers according to geography or needs regional or country segmented reports we can provide customization according to your requirement. Buy this research report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy now?format=1&report=1139592 The Study is segmented by following Product Type: , SaaS & PaaS Major applications/end users industry are as follows: Portfolio Management, Product Data Management, Collaborative Design and Engineering, Customer Management & Compliance Management Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions such as United States, EU, Japan, China, India & Southeast Asia, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Global Cloud Based Product Lifecycle Management in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast) Early buyers will receive 10% customization on reports. Read Detailed Index of full Research Study at @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/1139592 global cloud based product lifecycle management market 3 Major companies covered in the report: Dassault Systemes, Siemens AG, PTC Inc, Oracle Corporation, SAP SE, Autodesk, Inc, Arena Solutions, Aras, Infor & Accenture PLC This study also contains company profiling, product picture and specifications, sales, market share and contact information of various international, regional, and local vendors of Global Cloud Based Product Lifecycle Management Market. The market competition is constantly growing higher with the rise in technological innovation and M&A activities in the industry. Moreover, many local and regional vendors are offering specific application products for varied end users. The new vendor entrants in the market are finding it hard to compete with the international vendors based on quality, reliability, and innovations in technology. Some of the key questions answered in this report: Detailed Overview of Global Cloud Based Product Lifecycle Management market helps deliver clients and businesses making strategies. Influential factors that are thriving demand and constraints in the market. What is the market concentration? Is it fragmented or highly concentrated? What trends, challenges and barriers will impact the development and sizing of Cloud Based Product Lifecycle Management market? SWOT Analysis of each key players mentioned along with its company profile with the help of Porter's five forces tool mechanism to compliment the same. What growth momentum or acceleration market carries during the forecast period? Which region is going to tap highest market share in future? What Application/end user category or Product Type may see incremental growth prospects? What would be the market share of key countries like United States, France, UK, Germany, Italy, Canada, Australia, Japan, China or Brazil etc.? What focused approach and constraints are holding the market tight? Make inquiry before purchase @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/enquiry before buy/1139592 global cloud based product lifecycle management market 3 There are 15 Chapters to display the Global Cloud Based Product Lifecycle Management market. Chapter 1, About Executive Summary to describe Definition, Specifications and Classification of Cloud Based Product Lifecycle Management market, Applications [Portfolio Management, Product Data Management, Collaborative Design and Engineering, Customer Management & Compliance Management], Market Segment by Regions; Chapter 2, to analyze objective of the study. Chapter 3, to display Research methodology and techniques. Chapter 4 and 5 , to show the Overall Market Analysis, segmentation analysis, characteristics; Chapter 6 and 7, to show the Market size, share and forecast; Five forces analysis (bargaining Power of buyers/suppliers), Threats to new entrants and market condition; Chapter 8 and 9, to show analysis by regional segmentation[United States, EU, Japan, China, India & Southeast Asia ], comparison, leading countries and opportunities; Regional Marketing Type Analysis, Supply Chain Analysis Chapter 10, focus on identifying the key industry influencer's, overview of decision framework accumulated through Industry experts and strategic decision makers; Chapter 11 and 12, Market Trend Analysis, Drivers, Challenges by consumer behavior, Marketing Channels and demand & supply. Chapter 13 and 14, describe about the vendor landscape (classification and Market Positioning) Chapter 15, deals with Global Cloud Based Product Lifecycle Management Market sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source. Thanks for reading this article; you can also get individual chapter wise section or region wise report version like North America, Europe or Asia. About HTF Market Report HTF Market Report is a wholly owned brand of HTF market Intelligence Consulting Private Limited. HTF Market Report global research and market intelligence consulting organization is uniquely positioned to not only identify growth opportunities but to also empower and inspire you to create visionary growth strategies for futures, enabled by our extraordinary depth and breadth of thought leadership, research, tools, events and experience that assist you for making goals into a reality. Our understanding of the interplay between industry convergence, Mega Trends, technologies and market trends provides our clients with new business models and expansion opportunities. We are focused on identifying the \"Accurate Forecast\" in every industry we cover so our clients can reap the benefits of being early market entrants and can accomplish their \"Goals & Objectives\". Media Relations Contact", "URL": "http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/cloud-based-product-lifecycle-management-market-to-enjoy-explosive-growth-to-2025-dassault-systemes-siemens-ag-ptc-inc-oracle-corporation-sap-se-1150506.htm"}, {"Title": "Abcam : Interim results for six months ended 31 Dec 2018", "Text": "4 th March 2019\nABCAM PLC\n('Abcam' or 'the Group')\nInterim results for the six months ended 31 December 2018\nDouble digit growth delivered in H1, ahead of underlying market rates\n Total revenue growth of 10.8% (10.0% constant currency 1 )\n Organic investment plans on track; new RCF facility in place to support M&A strategy\n Expect FY19 constant currency revenue growth to be broadly in line with first half\nCambridge, UK: Abcam plc (AIM: ABC) a global leader in the supply of life science research tools is pleased to announce its interim results for the six month period ended 31 December 2018*.\nFinancial highlights\n\u00b7 Total revenue growth of 10.8% on a reported basis to \u00a3124.7m (H1 2018: \u00a3112.5m) and 10.0% on a constant currency basis\n\u00b7 Catalogue revenue growth of 11.2% on a reported basis to \u00a3117.0m (H1 2018: \u00a3105.2m) and 10.5% on a constant currency basis\no Recombinant and Immunoassay product revenues up 21.4% (constant currency: 21.1%) and 25.7% (constant currency: 25.8%) respectively\n\u00b7 Gross margin improved 40 basis points to 70.2% (H1 2018: 69.8%)\n\u00b7 EBITDA margin was 32.3% (H1 2018: 34.7%) and adjusted EBITDA margin 2 35.6% (H1 2018: 38.0%) reflecting planned operational investments\n\u00b7 Reported operating margin was 26.8% (H1 2018: 29.1%) and adjusted 2 operating margin 32.7% (H1 2018: 34.8%). Profit before tax (PBT) on a reported basis was \u00a333.7m (H1 2018: \u00a332.8m) and \u00a341.1m (H1 2018: \u00a339.3m) on an adjusted basis\n\u00b7 Reported diluted earnings per share (EPS) was 13.4 pence (H1 2018: 15.7 pence). Adjusted 2 diluted EPS increased by 5.2% to 16.3 pence (H1 2018: 15.5 pence)\n\u00b7 Strong cash generated from operating activities of \u00a336.4m (H1 2018: \u00a332.9m), ending period with cash of \u00a383.2m; \u00a3200m Revolving Credit Facility (RCF) signed post period end, providing additional flexibility as we continue to pursue attractive corporate transactions\n\u00b7 Interim dividend increased to 3.55 pence (H1 2018: 3.42 pence)\nOperational highlights\n\u00b7 Continued commercial execution in the period, with all product categories growing above underlying market rates\n\u00b7 Significant in house product development activity across both our recombinant antibody and immunoassay product ranges\n\u00b7 Further developed our addressable market in custom products and licensing, with over 75 projects initiated with biopharmaceutical and diagnostic partners under framework agreements in the first half of the year\n\u00b7 Bolt on acquisition of Calico Biolabs post period end (January 2019), expanding our expertise in recombinant rabbit monoclonal antibody development and custom solutions capabilities\n\u00b7 Completed design, development and testing of the next phases of the Oracle ERP system, covering financial and non stock procurement modules; on track for implementation in Summer 2019\n\u00b7 Relocated UK teams to our new headquarters on the Cambridge Biomedical Campus in February 2019, with the building's construction and fit out completed on time and on budget\nCommenting on the results, Alan Hirzel, Abcam's Chief Executive Officer, said:\n'We made further progress toward achieving our long term goals in the first half of the year and delivered double digit revenue growth whilst meeting our strategic targets. These results arise from our global team dedicating themselves to serving customer needs whilst building a strong enterprise. Together, they are helping Abcam increase its influence across research, diagnostic and therapeutic applications. We continue to invest in building a sustainable, profitable business with purpose and look forward to the impact that work will have on scientific knowledge and human health.'\nAnalyst and investor webcast and conference call :\nA conference call and webcast will be held for analysts and investors today at 9.30 am UK time.\nA live audio webcast of the presentation will be available on Abcam's in vestor website at www.abcamplc.com/investors/reports presentations. Subsequently, a replay of the webcast will be available on the same website. 1. Constant currency results are calculated by applying prior period's actual exchange rates to this period's results.\n2. Adjusted figures exclude systems and process improvement costs, costs associated with the new Group headquarters, amortisation of acquired intangibles, the tax effect of adjusting items, and in respect of the six months ended 31 December 2017, one off tax arising from new US tax legislation. Such excluded items are described as 'adjusting items'. Further information on these items is shown in note 4.\nFor further information please contact:\nAbcam\n+ 44 (0) 1223 696 000\nAlan Hirzel, Chief Executive Officer\nGavin Wood, Chief Financial Officer\nJames Staveley, Vice President, Investor Relations\nJ.P. Morgan Cazenove Nominated Advisor & Corporate Broker\n+ 44 (0) 20 7742 4000\nJames Mitford / Hemant Kapoor / Jonty Edwards\nFTI Consulting\n+ 44 (0) 20 3727 1000\nBen Atwell / Brett Pollard / Natalie Garland Collins\n*This announcement, including any information included or incorporated by reference in this announcement, may contain forward looking statements (including words such as 'believe', 'expect', 'estimate', 'intend', 'anticipate' and words of similar meaning) which are based upon current expectations and assumptions regarding anticipated developments and other factors affecting Abcam. All statements other than statements of historical facts may be forward looking statements and should not be treated as guarantees of future performance. These forward looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of Abcam, and there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. These forward looking statements speak only as at the date of this announcement and accordingly undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. Abcam does not assume any obligation to, and does not intend to, revise or update these forward looking statements, except as required pursuant to applicable law.\nInterim management report\nIntroduction\nThe Group delivered a solid financial performance in the half, achieving double digit constant currency revenue growth, ahead of the underlying market growth rate.\nThrough in house development, as well as through acquisition and partnership, we continue to focus our efforts on providing academic researchers and research and development teams worldwide with the latest tools and technologies to support their research, diagnostic and drug discovery objectives.\nCustomer feedback remains positive and we continue to gain market share across our research markets, with all major product categories growing ahead of their respective market growth rates in the half. China was once again our fastest growing major market in the period, with sales increasing by over 22%, whilst the challenging dynamics in Japan persist.\nThe outlook for biomedical research funding in our major markets remains robust, with the notable exception of Japan. As a result, we continue to take a long term approach to the way we run the business and have continued to invest in our people, systems, processes and facilities during the half. Those investments are supporting improved solutions for our customers today and are laying the foundations for the growth opportunities of tomorrow.\nUnderpinning progress is our strong and flexible financial position. This position was further augmented in early February through the addition of a \u00a3200m RCF facility, providing additional flexibility as we continue to pursue attractive corporate transactions.\nExecuting our strategy\nAlongside the delivery of double digit constant currency revenue growth in the period, our strategic key performance indicators (KPIs) performed within the range of our full year targets.\nStrategic KPIs\nFY 2019\nTarget\nH1 2019\nResult\nRevenue growth from recombinant antibody range (constant currency)\n20%+\n21%\nRevenue growth from immunoassay products (constant currency)\n20%+\n26%\nCustomer engagement: Transactional Net Promoter Score (tNPS)\n57 67%\n64%*\n* July October 2018 (tNPS provider changed in October 2018)\nMilestones achieved across our five strategic goals\nWe have made further operational progress against our multi year goals in the first half, as set out below.\n1. Sustain antibody and digital marketing leadership\nAcross our core reagents business, we continue to focus on the introduction and development of high performance antibodies to high value targets, particularly where we can apply our proprietary antibody technologies. At the same time, we are building further on our reputation for providing comprehensive, transparent data, fast delivery, excellent customer service and expert technical support. We are constantly looking to improve our customers' experience of finding, buying and using our products and we are investing in big data tools and predictive analytics that enable us to understand and serve the needs of customers faster.\nHighlights of recent progress include:\n the publication of over 1,500 internally developed recombinant antibodies to the catalogue in the first half, including novel binders, primary conjugated antibodies and formulations;\n continued investment in our leading validation and quality standards initiative, with a total of over 1,800 antibodies knockout validated by the end of H1, across more than ninety protein targets;\n further development of our digital channels, including content marketing, marketing automation, and overall improvements in the online user experience in finding products and completing transactions;\n launched a more user friendly platform for collecting customer feedback, increasing engagement and supporting further improvements to the customer experience; and\n initiated the next stage of our China growth project, supporting enhanced customer service levels and our growth ambitions in the territory.\n2. Expand in related growth markets\nBeyond our core primary antibody business, we have identified and continue to focus on the following long term market growth opportunities:\nImmunoassays\nWe continue to invest and innovate to increase the use of our market leading antibodies in immunoassay products and delivered strong sales growth of 26% (constant currency) across these products in the first half. Highlights of recent progress include:\n further development of our immunoassay product portfolio to meet strong customer demand, including the publication of over 100 new singleplex immunoassays (SimpleStep\u00ae ELISA kits) in the first half, the introduction of new formulations of our matched antibody pairs, and the creation of additional multiplex panels for our FirePlex\u00ae particle platform;\n launched and signed up the first customer cohort for our high throughput multiplex immunoassay product, Fireplex\u00ae HT; and\n established new supply agreements with immunoassay instrumentation partners and continued to expand the use of Abcam's antibodies with existing partners.\nCustom Products & Licensing (Abcam Inside)\nBeyond our expertise in the development and sale of research antibodies, we are focused on bein g an innovation partner to biopharma organisations seeking novel binders for diagnostic and therapeutic applications. Highlights of recent progress include:\n successful licencing of Abcam's pan TRK antibody to Roche for their landmark tropomyosin receptor kinase (TRK) cancer diagnostic (VENTANA pan TRK (EPR17341);\n multiple license and supply agreements signed for Abcam's 73 10 (PD L1) antibody, the companion diagnostic for Avelumab (Bevencio\u00ae), originally developed for the treatment of non small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC);\n further expanded our addressable market in custom products and licensing, including: o initiated over 75 projects with biopharmaceutical and diagnostic partners under existing framework agreements;\no signed development agreements with further diagnostic and biopharmaceutical companies, including the announced partnerships with Qiagen China and Shuwen Biotech to jointly develop the Chinese IVD market; acquired Calico Biolabs in January 2019, expanding our expertise in recombinant rabbit monoclonal antibody development and custom solutions capabilities\nIn addition to the Immunoassay and Custom Products and Licensing (CP&L) opportunities outlined above, we continue to seek out new growth platforms where we can leverage our core capabilities. We remain in the early stages of evaluating future opportunities across our markets with a view to launching teams to develop one or two new capability areas over the medium term.\n3. Invest in operating capabilities to double our scale from 2016 to 2023\nAbcam is a rapidly growing organisation and as such it is vital that we continue to have the infrastructure, systems, processes and people to support our growth plans.\nHighlights of recent progress include:\n completed the construction of our global headquarters on the Cambridge Biomedical Campus, providing 75% more space than our existing UK footprint. All teams successfully moved in on schedule;\n successfully launched 'AbShare', a global employee share ownership scheme, with strong employee take up of 88%;\n made good progress on the build, test and deployment phases of the financial and non stock procurement modules of the Group's Oracle ERP system; on track for implementation in Summer 2019; and\n continued investment in our global teams, including the corporate development, product development, digital marketing and global supply chain and manufacturing functions.\n4. Sustain attractive economics\nIn line with our long term goals we remain focused on generating strong revenue growth whilst optimising operational efficiency and making targeted investments.\nHighlights of recent progress include:\n further increased the proportion of sales generated from in house manufactured products;\n continued expansion of our addressable markets in CP&L;\n identification and delivery of operating efficiencies and productivity gains, including implementation of the first wave of product development automation;\n delivered our new global headquarters in the UK on time and budget; and\n executed against our contingency planning to ensure customer disruption is minimised in the event the UK leaves the EU without a withdrawal agreement. Effected through the implementation of a European distribution hub to be operationally ready by 29 March 2019.\n5. Supplement organic growth through acquisitions and partnerships\nOur dual growth strategy combines organic development alongside the successful execution of partnerships and acquisitions. We continue to proactively evaluate the landscape for opportunities which align with our business objectives and that will provide increased scale.\nHighlights of recent progress include:\n the appointment of a new SVP Corporate Development to lead delivery of our M&A strategy;\n completed the small bolt on acquisition of Calico Biolabs, expanding our expertise in recombinant rabbit monoclonal antibody development and our custom solutions capabilities, as well as bringing a small portfolio of high quality Cal antibodies, optimised for use in IHC and covering critical immuno oncology targets;\n entered a \u00a3200m Revolving Credit Facility in February 2019, providing additional financial flexibility for future corporate transactions; and\n continued to strengthen relationships across the industry for future deals.\nFinancial Performance in the Period\nOverall reported revenues increased by 10.8% in H1 2019. On a constant currency basis (in which we assume exchange rates remain unchanged from H1 2018), total revenue grew by 10.0%.\nCatalogue revenue, which contributed approximately 94% of total revenue in the half, grew 10.5% on a constant currency basis when compared to the same period last year. For products sold via the Catalogue, all main product categories are performing at levels above underlying market growth rates. Regionally, China was once again our fastest growing major market whilst Japan declined modestly in the period, reflecting the weaker funding environment in the country.\nCustom Products & Licencing (CP&L), which includes royalty income and revenues from our in vitro diagnostic (IVD) products and custom service business, accounted for 6% of revenue. CP&L revenue grew 2.3% on a constant currency basis, lower than anticipated due to the phasing and timing of certain projects within the custom service business. CP&L continues to be an area of focus for the Group and we remain confident in its long term potential. In the short term we expect the phasing of custom projects to continue to impact revenue growth in the second half as the offering matures. As a result, we anticipate overall CP&L growth will be below the Group's growth rate for the current financial year.\nReported revenue\nIncrease\nin reported\nrevenue\nConstant\ncurrency\ngrowth\nrate\nH1\n2019\nH1\n2018\n\u00a3'm\n\u00a3'm\nGeographic split\nThe Americas\n47.6\n42.5\n12.0%\n10.4%\nEMEA\n32.1\n29.9\n7.4%\n7.3%\nChina\n20.1\n16.5\n21.8%\n22.4%\nJapan\n7.9\n7.9\n0.0%\n(1.6%)\nRest of Asia Pacific\n9.3\n8.4\n10.7%\n10.9%\nCatalogue revenue\n117.0\n105.2\n11.2%\n10.5%\nCP&L revenue *\n7.7\n7.3\n5.5%\n2.3%\nTotal reported revenue\n124.7\n112.5\n10.8%\n10.0%\nCatalogue Product split\nPrimary and secondary antibodies\n93.5\n85.2\n9.7%\n9.3%\no/w Recombinant primary antibodies\n27.2\n22.4\n21.4%\n21.1%\nOther products **\n23.5\n20.0\n17.5%\n15.6%\no/w Immunoassay products\n8.8\n7.0\n25.7%\n25.8%\nCatalogue revenue\n117.0\n105.2\n11.2%\n10.5%\n*Includes royalty income, custom products and licensing revenue\n** Includes kits and assays, proteins, peptides, lysates and AAAI products\nGross margins were modestly ahead of last year at 70.2% (H1 2018: 69.8%).\nEarnings before Interest, Taxation, Depreciation and Amortisation (EBITDA) were \u00a340.3m (H1 2018: \u00a339.0m). Adjusted EBITDA rose 4.0% to \u00a344.4m (H1 2018: \u00a342.7m), giving an adjusted EBITDA margin of 35.6% (H1 2018: 38.0%), reflecting the plans we announced in September 2018 to increase investment to support the long term growth of the business. Overall, reported operating expenses rose \u00a38.4m to \u00a354.2m (H1 2018: \u00a345.8m), including depreciation and amortisation costs of \u00a36.9m (H1 2018: \u00a36.3m).\nSelling, General and Administrative (SG&A) expenses rose by \u00a310.7m in the half to \u00a346.2m (H1 2018: \u00a335.5m). The increase is predominantly due to the continued investment we are making in our global teams to support our growth plans, including the corporate development, digital marketing, product development and global supply chain and manufacturing functions, as well as a one off \u00a32.1m increase in property costs relating to the move into our new UK headquarters and a \u00a30.5m increase in share based payment related costs.\nResearch & Development (R&D) related expenses decreased by \u00a32.3m to \u00a38.0m (H1 2018: \u00a310.3m) due to a rise in the proportion of capitalised R&D expense and UK R&D tax credits.\nReported expenses included \u00a32.0m of costs relating to the Oracle Cloud ERP project, \u00a32.1m of one off charges relating to the move to the new Cambridge headquarters, predominantly duplicate rent, and \u00a33.3m relating to the amortisation of acquired intangibles. These pre tax costs, totalling \u00a37.4m (H1 2018: \u00a36.5m) are excluded from adjusted expenses. Note 4 to the interim financial information sets out a reconciliation between reported and adjusted profit measures.\nReported operating profit was \u00a333.4m (H1 2018: \u00a332.7m) and adjusted operating profit was \u00a340.8m (H1 2018: \u00a339.2m), equating to an adjusted operating margin of 32.7% (H1 2018: 34.8%). Further details are shown in note 4 to the interim financial statements.\nProfit Before Tax (PBT) on a reported basis was \u00a333.7m (H1 2018: \u00a332.8m). Adjusted PBT was \u00a341.1m (H1 2018: \u00a339.3m), giving an adjusted PBT margin of 33.0% (H1 2018: 34.9%).\nThe Group's reported tax rate for the first half was 17.8% (H1 2018: 1.5%, following certain one time impacts of US tax reform). Further details are shown in note 5 to the interim financial information.\nThe effective tax rate on adjusted profits for the full year is expected to be approximately 18% (year ended 30 June 2018: 18.3%) with a rate of around 19% expected to be maintained over the medium term.\nDiluted Earnings Per Share (EPS) was 13.4 pence per share (H1 2018: 15.7 pence). Adjusted diluted EPS increased by 5.2% to 16.3 pence per share (H1 2018: 15.5 pence). Note 6 sets out a reconciliation between reported and adjusted EPS.\nCash inflows remains strong, with cash generated from operating activities of \u00a336.4m (H1 2018: \u00a332.9m). Net capital expenditure (after the release of \u00a34.2m funds held in escrow relating to the new UK HQ) increased by \u00a34.2m in the period to \u00a315.4m (H1 2018: \u00a311.2m). Capital expenditure incurred in relation to the construction and fit out of our new Cambridge headquarters was \u00a37.2m (\u00a33.0m net of funds held in escrow), with a further \u00a35.9m invested on our new ERP systems and processes (H1 2018: \u00a35.9m), \u00a33.9m on capitalised R&D and \u00a32.0m on improvements to laboratory facilities and equipment across the Group. After further outflows of \u00a311.9m in the period relating to the final payment for the Spring licensing deal and \u00a317.6m for the FY 2018 final dividend payment (H1 2018: \u00a315.1m), closing cash at the end of the period was \u00a383.2m (H1 2018: \u00a391.6m).\nNew Banking Facility\nOn 1 February 2019 the Group entered into a Revolving Credit Facility (RCF) of \u00a3200m with a \u00a3100m additional Accordion option which has been put in place to provide additional financial flexibility for future corporate transactions. The initial term of the facility is 3 years, with the option to extend by a further 2 years.\nDividend\nThe board have approved an interim dividend of 3.55 pence per share (H1 2018: 3.42), an increase of approximately 4% on the same period in 2018. The interim dividend will be paid on 12 April 2019 to shareholders whose names are on the register at close of business on 15 March 2019. The associated ex dividend date will be 14 March 2019.\nBoard update\nAs previously announced, we were delighted that Giles Kerr was able to join the Board as a non executive Director in December 2018. Giles brings a wealth of experience within the life science sector, finance and a first hand understanding of our academic research customers.\nOutlook\nThe fundamentals of our business remain strong and we continue to grow our revenues ahead of the market in every region we serve.\nWe are confident that the long term investments we are making will enable us to sustain our low double digit growth trajectory with attractive margins. We have a strong balance sheet which enables us to move swiftly to capitalise on further opportunities, including acquisitions and partnerships.\nIn the short term, given the continued softness in Japan and the anticipated phasing of revenue within the CP&L line, we expect to deliver total constant currency revenue growth for the current financial year broadly in line with the first half and an adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 35%.\nWe remain committed to the investments we are making in our people, R&D, global ERP system, and facilities, which remain on track with our plans. These investments are enabling us to provide innovative, trusted and improved solutions for our customers, helping to sustain our growth and deliver long term value for our shareholders.\nPeter Allen\nChairman\nAlan Hirzel\nChief Executive Officer\n1 March 2019\nResponsibility statement\nWe confirm to the best of our knowledge:\n\u00b7 the interim financial information has been prepared in accordance with IAS 34, as adopted by the European Union;\n\u00b7 the Financial and Operational highlights, Interim Management Report and Interim Financial Information include a fair review of the information required by the Financial Statements Disclosure and Transparency Rules (DTR) 4.2.7R, being an indication of important events that have occurred during the first six months of the financial year and a description of the principal risks and uncertainties for the remaining six months of the year; and\n\u00b7 the Financial and Operational highlights and Interim Management Report include a fair review of the information required by DTR 4.2.8R, being related party transactions that have taken place in the first six months of the current financial year and that have materially affected the financial position or performance of the entity during the period and also any changes in the related party transactions described in the last Annual Report that could do so.\nAt the date of this statement, the Directors are those listed in the Group's 2017/18 Annual Report and Accounts except for the following change:\nAppointment\nGiles Kerr\n12 December 2018\nBy order of the Board\nAlan Hirzel\nChief Executive Officer\nGavin Wood\nChief Financial Officer\n1 March 2019\nIndependent review report to Abcam plc\nReport on the condensed consolidated interim financial information\nOur conclusion\nWe have reviewed Abcam plc's condensed consolidated interim financial information (the 'interim financial statements') in the interim report of Abcam plc for the 6 month period ended 31 December 2018. Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, 'Interim Financial Reporting', as adopted by the European Union and the AIM Rules for Companies.\nWhat we have reviewed\nThe interim financial statements comprise:\n\u00b7 the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2018;\n\u00b7 the consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the period then ended;\n\u00b7 the consolidated cash flow statement for the period then ended;\n\u00b7 the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the period then ended; and\n\u00b7 the explanatory notes to the interim financial statements.\nThe interim financial statements included in the interim report have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, 'Interim Financial Reporting', as adopted by the European Union and the AIM Rules for Companies.\nAs disclosed in note 2 to the interim financial statements, the financial reporting framework that has been applied in the preparation of the full annual financial statements of the Group is applicable law and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as adopted by the European Union.\nResponsibilities for the interim financial statements and the review\nOur responsibilities and those of the directors\nThe interim report, including the interim financial statements, is the responsibility of, and has been approved by, the directors. The directors are responsible for preparing the interim report in accordance with the AIM Rules for Companies which require that the financial information must be presented and prepared in a form consistent with that which will be adopted in the company's annual financial statements.\nOur responsibility is to express a conclusion on the interim financial statements in the interim report based on our review. This report, including the conclusion, has been prepared for and only for the company for the purpose of complying with the AIM Rules for Companies and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving this conclusion, accept or assume responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose hands it may come save where expressly agreed by our prior consent in writing.\nWhat a review of interim financial statements involves\nWe conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements (UK and Ireland) 2410, 'Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity' issued by the Auditing Practices Board for use in the United Kingdom. A review of interim financial information consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures.\nA review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) and, consequently, does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.\nWe have read the other information contained in the interim report and considered whether it contains any apparent misstatements or material inconsistencies with the information in the interim financial statements.\nPricewaterhouseCoopers LLP\nChartered Accountants\nCambridge\n1 March 2019\na) The maintenance and integrity of the Abcam plc website is the responsibility of the directors; the work carried out by the auditors does not involves consideration of these matters and, accordingly, the auditors accept no responsibility for any changes that may have occurred to the interim financial statements since they were initially presented on the website.\nb) Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.\nConsolidated income statement\nSix months ended 31 December 2018\n(Unaudited) six months ended 31 Dec 2018\n(Unaudited) six months ended 31 Dec 2017\nNote\nAdjusted*\n\u00a3m\nAdjusting items*\n\u00a3m\nTotal\n\u00a3m\nAdjusted*\n\u00a3m\nAdjusting items*\n\u00a3m\nTotal\n\u00a3m\nRevenue\n124.7\n \n124.7\n112.5\n \n112.5\nCost of sales\n(37.1)\n \n(37.1)\n(34.0)\n \n(34.0)\nGross profit\n87.6\n \n87.6\n78.5\n \n78.5\nSelling, general and administrative expenses\n(40.9)\n(5.3)\n(46.2)\n(31.1)\n(4.4)\n(35.5)\nResearch and development expenses\n(5.9)\n(2.1)\n(8.0)\n(8.2)\n(2.1)\n(10.3)\nOperating profit\n40.8\n(7.4)\n33.4\n39.2\n(6.5)\n32.7\nFinance income\n0.3\n \n0.3\n0.1\n \n0.1\nProfit before tax\n41.1\n(7.4)\n33.7\n39.3\n(6.5)\n32.8\nTax\n5\n(7.5)\n1.5\n(6.0)\n(7.4)\n6.9\n(0.5)\nProfit for the period attributable to equity shareholders of the parent\n33.6\n(5.9)\n27.7\n31.9\n0.4\n32.3\nEarnings per share\nBasic\n6\n16.4p\n13.5p\n15.6p\n15.8p\nDiluted\n6\n16.3p\n13.4p\n15.5p\n15.7p\n* Adjusted figures exclude systems and process improvement costs, costs associated with the new Group headquarters, amortisation of acquired\nintangibles, the tax effect of adjusting items, and in respect of the six months ended 31 December 2017, one off tax arising from new US tax legislation. Such excluded items are described as 'adjusting items'. Further information on these items is shown in note 4.\nConsolidated statement of comprehensive income\nSix months ended 31 December 2018\n(Unaudited)\nsix months\nended\n31 Dec 2018\n\u00a3m\n(Unaudited)\nsix months\nended\n31 Dec 2017\n\u00a3m\nProfit for the period attributable to equity shareholders of the parent\n27.7\n32.3\nItems that may be reclassified to the income statement in subsequent years\nMovements on cash flow hedges\n(1.7)\n1.5\nExchange differences on translation of foreign operations\n4.8\n(7.3)\nMovement in fair value of investment\n(0.2)\n0.1\nTax relating to components of other comprehensive income\n0.4\n(0.2)\nOther comprehensive income / (expense) for the period\n3.3\n(5.9)\nTotal comprehensive income for the period\n31.0\n26.4\nConsolidated balance sheet\nAs at 31 December 2018\nNotes\n(Unaudited)\nas at\n31 Dec 2018\n\u00a3m\n(Audited)\nas at\n30 Jun 2018\n\u00a3m\n(Unaudited)\nas at\n31 Dec 2017\n\u00a3m\nNon current assets\nGoodwill\n117.2\n114.2\n111.2\nIntangible assets\n113.4\n106.3\n75.9\nProperty, plant and equipment\n32.7\n25.1\n25.6\nInvestment\n8\n0.7\n0.9\n \nDeferred tax asset\n7.9\n8.4\n7.0\nDerivative financial instruments\n \n \n0.2\n271.9\n254.9\n219.9\nCurrent assets\nInventories\n32.1\n29.6\n22.4\nTrade and other receivables\n30.7\n39.3\n30.2\nInvestment\n \n \n1.1\nDerivative financial instruments\n8\n0.1\n0.8\n2.3\nCash and cash equivalents\n83.2\n90.2\n91.6\n146.1\n159.9\n147.6\nTotal assets\n418.0\n414.8\n367.5\nCurrent liabilities\nTrade and other payables\n(33.3)\n(45.8)\n(26.4)\nDerivative financial instruments\n8\n(1.9)\n(0.5)\n(0.5)\nCurrent tax liabilities\n(1.2)\n(2.7)\n(4.4)\n(36.4)\n(49.0)\n(31.3)\nNet current assets\n109.7\n110.9\n116.3\nNon current liabilities\nDeferred tax liability\n(14.1)\n(14.0)\n(15.3)\nDerivative financial instruments\n8\n(0.2)\n(0.1)\n \n(14.3)\n(14.1)\n(15.3)\nTotal liabilities\n(50.7)\n(63.1)\n(46.6)\nNet assets\n367.3\n351.7\n320.9\nEquity\nShare capital\n0.4\n0.4\n0.4\nShare premium account\n26.2\n25.6\n24.9\nMerger reserve\n68.1\n68.1\n68.1\nOwn shares\n(3.0)\n(3.2)\n(3.5)\nTranslation reserve\n31.1\n26.3\n21.0\nHedging reserve\n(1.3)\n0.1\n1.2\nRetained earnings\n245.8\n234.4\n208.8\nTotal equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the parent\n367.3\n351.7\n320.9\nApproved by the Board of directors and authorised for issue on 1 March 2019.\nConsolidated statement of changes in equity\nSix months ended 31 December 2018\nShare\ncapital\n\u00a3m\nShare\npremium\naccount\n\u00a3m\nMerger\nreserve\n\u00a3m\nOwn\nshares\n\u00a3m\nTranslation\nReserve\n\u00a3m\nHedging\nreserve\n\u00a3m\nRetained\nearnings\n\u00a3m\nTotal\n\u00a3m\nBalance as at 1 July 2018\n0.4\n25.6\n68.1\n(3.2)\n26.3\n0.1\n234.4\n351.7\nProfit for the period\n \n \n \n \n \n \n27.7\n27.7\nOther comprehensive income / (expense)\n \n \n \n \n4.8\n(1.4)\n(0.1)\n3.3\nTotal comprehensive income for the period\n \n \n \n \n4.8\n(1.4)\n27.6\n31.0\nIssue of ordinary shares\n \n0.6\n \n0.2\n \n \n(0.2)\n0.6\nShare based payments inclusive of deferred tax\n \n \n \n \n \n \n1.8\n1.8\nPurchase of own shares\n \n \n \n \n \n \n(0.2)\n(0.2)\nEquity dividends\n \n \n \n \n \n \n(17.6)\n(17.6)\nBalance as at 31 December 2018 (unaudited)\n0.4\n26.2\n68.1\n(3.0)\n31.1\n(1.3)\n245.8\n367.3\nSix months ended 31 December 2017\nShare\ncapital\n\u00a3m\nShare\npremium\naccount\n\u00a3m\nMerger\nreserve\n\u00a3m\nOwn\nshares\n\u00a3m\nTranslation\nreserve\n\u00a3m\nHedging\nreserve\n\u00a3m\nRetained\nearnings\n\u00a3m\nTotal\n\u00a3m\nBalance as at 1 July 2017\n0.4\n23.9\n68.1\n(3.6)\n28.1\n(0.1)\n190.3\n307.1\nProfit for the period\n \n \n \n \n \n \n32.3\n32.3\nOther comprehensive (expense)/ income\n \n \n \n \n(7.1)\n1.3\n(0.1)\n(5.9)\nTotal comprehensive income for the period\n \n \n \n \n(7.1)\n1.3\n32.2\n26.4\nIssue of ordinary shares\n \n1.0\n \n0.1\n \n \n(0.2)\n0.9\nShare based payments inclusive of deferred tax\n \n \n \n \n \n \n1.7\n1.7\nPurchase of own shares\n \n \n \n \n \n \n(0.1)\n(0.1)\nEquity dividends\n \n \n \n \n \n \n(15.1)\n(15.1)\nBalance as at 31 December 2017 (unaudited)\n0.4\n24.9\n68.1\n(3.5)\n21.0\n1.2\n208.8\n320.9\nYear ended 30 June 2018\nShare\ncapital\n\u00a3m\nShare\npremium\naccount\n\u00a3m\nMerger\nreserve\n\u00a3m\nOwn\nshares\n\u00a3m\nTranslation\nreserve\n\u00a3m\nHedging\nreserve\n\u00a3m\nRetained\nearnings\n\u00a3m\nTotal\n\u00a3m\nBalance as at 1 July 2017\n0.4\n23.9\n68.1\n(3.6)\n28.1\n(0.1)\n190.3\n307.1\nProfit for the period\n \n \n \n \n \n \n62.2\n62.2\nOther comprehensive (expense) / income\n \n \n \n \n(1.8)\n0.2\n(0.1)\n(1.7)\nTotal comprehensive income for the period\n \n \n \n \n(1.8)\n0.2\n62.1\n60.5\nIssue of ordinary shares\n \n1.7\n \n0.4\n \n \n(0.5)\n1.6\nShare based payments inclusive of deferred tax\n \n \n \n \n \n \n4.7\n4.7\nPurchase of own shares\n \n \n \n \n \n \n(0.1)\n(0.1)\nEquity dividends\n \n \n \n \n \n \n(22.1)\n(22.1)\nBalance as at 30 June 2018 (audited)\n0.4\n25.6\n68.1\n(3.2)\n26.3\n0.1\n234.4\n351.7\nConsolidated cash flow statement\nSix months ended 31 December 2018\nNotes\n(Unaudited)\nsix months\nended\n31 Dec 2018\n\u00a3m\n(Unaudited)\nsix months\nended\n31 Dec 2017\n\u00a3m\nOperating profit for the period\n33.4\n32.7\nAdjustments for:\nDepreciation of property, plant and equipment\n2.0\n2.7\nAmortisation of intangible assets\n4.9\n3.6\nDerivative financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss\n0.4\n(1.1)\nResearch and development expenditure credit\n(1.5)\n(0.4)\nShare based payments charge\n2.4\n1.8\nUnrealised currency translation (gains)/losses\n(0.6)\n0.2\nOperating cash flows before movements in working capital\n41.0\n39.5\nIncrease in inventories\n(2.5)\n(0.9)\nDecrease in receivables\n5.0\n3.7\nDecrease in payables\n(1.3)\n(5.9)\nCash generated from operations\n42.2\n36.4\nNet income taxes paid\n(5.8)\n(3.5)\nNet cash inflow from operating activities\n*\n36.4\n32.9\nInvesting activities\nInvestment income\n0.3\n0.1\nPurchase of property, plant and equipment\n*\n(9.8)\n(5.3)\nPurchase of intangible assets\n*\n(9.8)\n(5.9)\nTransfer of cash from escrow in respect of future capital expenditure\n*\n4.2\n \nNet cash outflow arising from acquisitions\n(11.9)\n \nNet cash outflow from investing activities\n(27.0)\n(11.1)\nFinancing activities\nDividends paid\n7\n(17.6)\n(15.1)\nProceeds on issue of shares\n0.6\n0.9\nPurchase of own shares\n(0.2)\n(0.1)\nNet cash outflow from financing activities\n(17.2)\n(14.3)\nNet (decrease) / increase cash and cash equivalents\n(7.8)\n7.5\nCash and cash equivalents at beginning of period\n90.2\n84.8\nEffect of foreign exchange rates\n0.8\n(0.7)\nCash and cash equivalents at end of period\n83.2\n91.6\nFree Cash Flow\n(i)\n21.0\n21.7\n(i) Free Cash Flow comprises those items marked * and comprises net cash generated from operating activities less net capital expenditure.\nCash and cash equivalents includes \u00a30.1m (2017: nil) in respect of funds contributed by employees for the purpose of purchasing shares under the Abcam Abshare Scheme upon vesting.\nNotes to the interim financial information\nFor the six month period ended 31 December 2018\n1. General information\nThis condensed consolidated interim financial information for the six months ended 31 December 2018 is unaudited and does not comprise statutory accounts within the meaning of section 434 of the Companies Act 2006 but has been reviewed by the auditor. The financial information for the year ended 30 June 2018 does not constitute the Company's statutory accounts for that period, but has been extracted from those accounts, which were approved by the Board of Directors on 7 September 2018 and have been delivered to the Registrar of Companies. The auditor has reported on those accounts, their opinion was unqualified, did not draw attention to any matters by way of emphasis and did not contain any statement under section 498(2) or (3) of the Companies Act 2006.\n2. Basis of preparation\nThe condensed interim financial information for the six months ended 31 December 2018 included in this interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 'Interim Financial Reporting' (IAS 34) as adopted by the European Union and has been prepared on a going concern basis as described further below.\na Accounting policies\nThe accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the condensed consolidated interim financial information are those as set out in the Group's financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2018 save as outlined below. In addition, tax on income in the interim period is calculated as described in note 5.\nNew accounting standards and interpretations\nThe Group adopted IFRS 9 and IFRS 15 on 1 July 2018 and this is the first financial information prepared under these standards. Analyses of the impacts of these new standards are set out below and the remaining accounting policies in this financial information have been applied consistently with the Group's financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2018.\nIFRS 15, 'Revenue from contracts with customers'\nIFRS 15 superseded IAS 18 'Revenue' and establishes a principles based approach to revenue recognition and measurement. Revenue is recognised when performance obligations are satisfied in respect of the transfer of goods or services at an amount that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services.\nOver 90% of the Group's revenue is derived from catalogue product sales. Under IFRS 15 the performance obligation for catalogue sales has been determined to be at the point when control of the products is transferred to the customer, normally upon delivery or despatch depending on the terms of the agreement. This does not represent a change from the previous treatment under IAS18.\nThe Group's other revenue streams (being custom service, licensing and royalties) is such that entitlement to income is aligned to defined performance obligations and deliverables. Consequently, there is no impact on transition to IFRS 15 for revenue, profit or net assets.\nIFRS 9, 'Financial instruments'\nIFRS 9 replaced IAS 39 and is applicable to financial assets and liabilities, covering classification, measurement and derecognition. The relevant applications to the Group and their impact are:\nExpected credit loss model: Upon transition the Group has applied the simplified model specified for expected credit loss, based on the historical default rates experienced across the Group. This replaces the previous policy for providing against credit risk on trade receivables, which was based on estimated irrecoverable amounts determined by specific circumstance or past experience. At transition, no additional provision against trade receivables was required.\nEquity investments: An election has been made to continue to recognise fair value gains and losses through the statement of other comprehensive income. There is no transitional impact as a result.\nDerivatives: The Group purchases forward contracts to manage exposure to foreign exchange risk arising from sales in foreign currency, principally US Dollars, Euros, Japanese Yen and Chinese Renminbi. These arrangements qualify as cash flow hedges under IAS 39 and IFRS 9 and the transition to IFRS 9 has therefore not resulted in any changes to their classification or measurement, nor is there to be a change in assessing hedge effectiveness.\n2. Basis of preparation (continued)\nb Going concern\nThe directors have prepared the interim financial information on a going concern basis. In considering the going concern basis, the directors have considered the principal risks and uncertainties set out at the end of this report. The Group's forecasts and projections, taking account of reasonably possible changes in trading performance, support the conclusion that there is a reasonable expectation that the Group have adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future and a period of not less than twelve months from the date of this report. Accordingly, the going concern basis has been adopted in preparing the interim financial report.\nc Adjusted performance measures\nAdjusted performance measures are used by management in its review of the business and exclude certain cash and non cash items which management believes are not reflective of the normal course of business of the Group. Management believe that disclosing such non IFRS measures enables a reader to isolate and evaluate the impact of such items on results and allows for fuller understanding of performance from year to year. A detailed reconciliation between reported and adjusted measures is presented in note 4.\n3. Operating segments\nThe Directors consider that there are no identifiable business segments that are engaged in providing individual products or services or a group of related products and services that are subject to risks and returns that are different to the core business. The information reported to the Group's Chief Executive Officer, who is considered the chief operating decision maker, for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of performance is based wholly on the overall activities of the Group. The Group has therefore determined that it has only one reportable segment under IFRS 8 Operating Segments , which is 'sales of antibodies and related products'. The Group's revenue and assets for this one reportable segment can be determined by reference to the Group's income statement and balance sheet.\n4. Consolidated adjusted financial measures\nA reconciliation of the Group's adjusted performance measures to reported IFRS measures is presented below:\n(Unaudited)\nsix months ended 31 Dec 2018\n(Unaudited)\nsix months ended 31 Dec 2017\nNote\nAdjusted\n\u00a3m\nAdjusting items\n\u00a3m\nTotal\n\u00a3m\nAdjusted\n\u00a3m\nAdjusting items\n\u00a3m\nTotal\n\u00a3m\nEBITDA 1\n44.4\n(4.1)\n40.3\n42.7\n(3.7)\n39.0\nDepreciation and amortisation\n(3.6)\n(3.3)\n(6.9)\n(3.5)\n(2.8)\n(6.3)\nOperating profit\n40.8\n(7.4)\n33.4\n39.2\n(6.5)\n32.7\nFinance income\n0.3\n \n0.3\n0.1\n \n0.1\nProfit before tax\n41.1\n(7.4)\n33.7\n39.3\n(6.5)\n32.8\nTax\n5\n(7.5)\n1.5\n(6.0)\n(7.4)\n6.9\n(0.5)\nProfit for the period\n33.6\n(5.9)\n27.7\n31.9\n0.4\n32.3\n1 EBITDA = Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation\n(Unaudited)\nsix months ended 31 Dec 2018\n\u00a3m\n(Unaudited)\nsix months ended 31 Dec 2017\n\u00a3m\nAnalysis of adjusting items\nAffecting EBITDA\nSystem and process improvement costs\n(2.0)\n(3.7)\nCosts associated with new Group headquarters\n(2.1)\n \n(4.1)\n(3.7)\nAffecting depreciation and amortisation\nAmortisation of acquisition related intangible assets\n(3.3)\n(2.8)\n(3.3)\n(2.8)\nAffecting profit before tax\n(7.4)\n(6.5)\nAffecting tax\nTax effect of adjusting items\n1.5\n1.4\nOne off tax arising from new US tax legislation\n \n5.5\nTotal adjusting items\n(5.9)\n0.4\n5. Income tax\nThe major components of the income tax expense in the income statement are as follows:\n(Unaudited)\nsix months\nended\n31 Dec 2018\n\u00a3m\n(Unaudited)\nsix months\nended\n31 Dec 2017\n\u00a3m\nCurrent tax\n6.1\n7.0\nDeferred tax\n(0.1)\n(6.5)\n6.0\n0.5\nThe UK corporation tax rate for the six months ended 31 December 2018 was 19.0% (six months ended 31 December 2017: 19.0%). Effective tax rates represent management's best estimate of the average annual effective tax rate on reported or adjusted profits with these rates being applied to half year results.\nAn effective rate of 17.8% is recorded in the half year results and is lower than the UK statutory rate mainly due to the recognition of the ongoing benefits of the US tax reform. The estimated effective rate of tax on reported profits for the full year ending 30 June 2019 is 18.0% representing management's best estimate of the average annual effective tax rate on profits expected for the full year with this rate being applied to the half year results (year ended 30 June 2018 10.0%, reflecting the one off impacts of the US tax reform changes).\nThe effective rate on adjusted half year profits is 18.2% and for the full year ending 30 June 2019 is expected to be approximately 18.1% (year ended 30 June 2018: 18.3%).\n6. Earnings per share\nThe calculation of earnings per ordinary share (EPS) and adjusted earnings per ordinary share (adjusted EPS) are based on profit after tax, and adjusted profit after tax, respectively, attributable to owners of the parent and the weighted number of shares in issue during the six month period.\nAdjusted EPS figures have been calculated based on adjusted earnings which are set out and described in note 4.\n(Unaudited)\nsix months\nended\n31 Dec 2018\n\u00a3m\n(Unaudited)\nsix months\nended\n31 Dec 2017\n\u00a3m\nProfit attributable to equity shareholders of the parent adjusted\n33.6\n31.9\nAdjusting items\n(5.9)\n0.4\nProfit attributable to equity shareholders of the parent total reported\n27.7\n32.3\nMillion\nMillion\nWeighted average number of ordinary shares in issue\n205.2\n204.7\nLess ordinary shares held by Equiniti Share Plan Trustees Limited\n(0.5)\n(0.7)\nWeighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of basic EPS\n204.7\n204.0\nEffect of potentially dilutive ordinary shares: share options and awards\n1.7\n1.6\nWeighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of diluted EPS\n206.4\n205.6\nDiluted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS are calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to assume conversion of all potentially dilutive ordinary shares. Such potentially dilutive ordinary shares comprise share options and awards granted to employees where the exercise price is less than the average market price of the Company's ordinary shares during the period and any unvested shares which have met, or are expected to meet, the performance conditions at the end of the reporting period.\n(Unaudited)\nsix months\nended\n31 Dec 2018\n(Unaudited)\nsix months\nended\n31 Dec 2017\nBasic EPS\n13.5p\n15.8p\nDiluted EPS\n13.4p\n15.7p\nAdjusted basic EPS\n16.4p\n15.6p\nAdjusted diluted EPS\n16.3p\n15.5p\n7. Dividends\n(Unaudited)\nsix months\nended\n31 Dec 2018\n\u00a3m\n(Unaudited)\nsix months\nended\n31 Dec 2017\n\u00a3m\nAmounts recognised as distributions to equity shareholders in the period:\nFinal dividend for the year ended 30 June 2017 of 7.355 pence per share\n \n15.1\nFinal dividend for the year ended 30 June 2018 of 8.580 pence per share\n17.6\n \nTotal distributions to owners of the parent in the period\n17.6\n15.1\nProposed interim dividend of 3.55 pence (H1 2018: 3.42 pence) per share\n7.3\n7.0\nThe proposed interim dividend was approved by the Board on 1 March 2019 and has not been included as a liability in these financial statements.\n8. Financial instruments and risk management\nThe Group's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks that include currency risk, interest rate risk, credit risk and liquidity risk.\nThe condensed interim financial information does not include all financial risk management information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements; accordingly, they should be read in conjunction with the Group's financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2018. There have been no changes to the risk management policies since the year ended 30 June 2018.\nThe table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value by valuation method. The different levels have been defined as follows:\n\u00b7 Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;\n\u00b7 Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and\n\u00b7 Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable market inputs).\nThe following table presents the Group's assets and liabilities carried at fair value by valuation method.\n31 December 2018\nLevel 1\n\u00a3m\nLevel 2\n\u00a3m\nLevel 3\n\u00a3m\nTotal\n\u00a3m\nAssets\nDerivative financial instruments\n \n0.1\n \n0.1\nInvestment\n0.7\n \n \n0.7\nTotal assets\n0.7\n0.1\n \n0.8\nLiabilities\nDerivative financial instruments\n \n(2.1)\n \n(2.1)\nTotal liabilities\n \n(2.1)\n \n(2.1)\n30 June 2018\nLevel 1\n\u00a3m\nLevel 2\n\u00a3m\nLevel 3\n\u00a3m\nTotal\n\u00a3m\nAssets\nDerivative financial instruments\n \n0.8\n \n0.8\nInvestment\n0.9\n \n \n0.9\nTotal assets\n0.9\n0.8\n \n1.7\nLiabilities\nDerivative financial instruments\n \n(0.6)\n \n(0.6)\nTotal liabilities\n \n(0.6)\n \n(0.6)\n8. Financial instruments and risk management (continued)\nThere were no transfers between levels during the period.\nThe Group's Level 2 financial instruments consist of forward foreign exchange contracts fair valued using forward exchange rates that are quoted in an active market.\nThe Group continues to generate significant amounts of US Dollars, Euros, Japanese Yen and Chinese Renminbi in excess of payments in these currencies and has hedging arrangements in place to reduce its exposure to currency fluctuations.\nThe following table details the forward exchange contracts outstanding as at the period end:\nMaturing in\nUS Dollars\nEuros\nJapanese Yen\nChinese Renminbi\nSell $'m\nAverage\nrate\nSell \u20ac'm\nAverage\nrate\nSell \u00a5'm\nAverage\nrate\nSell \u00a5'm\nAverage\nrate\nPeriod ending 30 June 2019\n11.7\n1.35\n23.1\n1.12\n1,162\n146.8\n66.2\n9.0\nYear ending 30 June 2020\n17.1\n1.34\n30.8\n1.10\n1,374\n143.3\n33.3\n9.0\n9. Capital commitments\nAs at 31 December 2018, the Group had capital commitments of \u00a33.9m (31 December 2017: \u00a36.8m) relating to the acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, most of which relates to the Group's system and process improvement project.\n10. Related party transactions\nDuring the period, the Group made purchases of \u00a3nil (six months ended 31 December 2017: \u00a30.1m) and sales of less than \u00a30.1m (six months ended 31 December 2017: less than \u00a30.1m) from companies of which Jonathan Milner is either a director or a significant investor. The majority of transactions in the six months ended 31 December 2017 were with Horizon Discovery Group Plc, of which Jonathan Milner was previously a non executive director.\n11. Post balance sheet events\nOn 24 January 2019, the Group completed the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of Calico Biolabs Inc, a developer of recombinant rabbit monoclonal antibodies for diagnostic and biopharmaceutical companies, for total cash consideration of $4.5m (\u00a33.5m), of which $0.9m (\u00a30.7m) is deferred for 12 months.\nThe acquisition strategically expands Abcam's leading position in rabbit monoclonal antibodies, bringing a small catalogue of ready made antibodies for immunohistochemistry (IHC) in addition to custom development services.\nRisks and uncertainties\nThe principal risks and uncertainties which the Group faces in the undertaking of its day to day operations and in pursuit of its longer term objectives are set out in the Annual Report and Accounts 2018 on pages 35 to 38 and in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. Information on financial risk management is set out on pages 130 to 133. A copy of the Annual Report and Accounts is available on the Group's website w ww.abcamplc.com/investors/reports presentations/.\nThe principal risks and risk profile of the Group have not changed over the interim period and are not expected to change over the next six months. As noted in the Annual Report and Accounts 2018, the G roup continues to monitor developments in respect of the UK's withdrawal from the EU and the consequences of how these might affect the business. The principal risks remain as:\nPrincipal risk\nDescription and relevance\n1. Increased competition: specifically pinpointed to disruptive developments\nThe risk of competitors introducing new technologies, channels or workarounds, strengthening product offerings, routes to market and/or human resources.\n2. Identification, valuation and pursuit of acquisitions and investments\nThe risk that Abcam fails to acquire businesses which could bring added value or does not fully identify risks within acquisition targets which would affect the valuation or acquisition rationale.\n3. Availability of research funding\nThe risk of a substantial reduction in funding for life sciences research in one of Abcam's significant territories.\n4. ERP project/IT infrastructure\nThe risk of non delivery or significant delay in the critical components of the ERP project.\n5. Cyber security risks including loss of data and website inaccessibility\nThe risk that Abcam's IT infrastructure, website or ecommerce systems are affected by a cyber security issue.\n6. Loss of output at any Group manufacturing or logistics facility\nThe risk that a disruptive event or disaster occurs at a key facility.\n7. Business growth is constrained by not having appropriate people, resources and infrastructure in place\nThe risk of failure to attract and retain high calibre personnel, or to maintain operational and IT infrastructure that is sufficiently robust, efficient and scalable.\n8. Inadequate integration or leverage of acquired businesses\nThe risk of misjudging key elements of an acquisition or failing to integrate the acquired business in an efficient and timely manner.\n9. Reputational risk\nThe risk of not meeting internal high standards of quality and ethical business practice.\n10. Significant exchange rate movements\nThe risk of significant unfavourable foreign exchange movements.\n11. Non compliance with laws and regulations\nThe risk of insufficient evaluation and non compliance with legislation and regulation in the markets and countries in which Abcam operates.\nAttachments\nOriginal document Permalink Disclaimer\nAbcam plc published this content on 04 March 2019 and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 04 March 2019 07:18:51 UTC", "URL": "http://www.4-traders.com/ABCAM-PLC-4005622/news/ABCAM-Interim-results-for-six-months-ended-31-Dec-2018-28104273/"}, {"Title": "Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market to 2027: and#36;17.4 Billion Opportunity Insights Report, 2019 - ResearchAndMarkets.com", "Text": "News for 2019 04 11 Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market to 2027: $17.4 Billion Opportunity Insights Report, 2019 ResearchAndMarkets.com\nThe \"Cloud Based Payroll Software Market to 2027 Global Analysis and Forecasts by Organizational Size and Industry Vertical\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.\nThe global cloud based payroll software market was valued at US$ 7.34 Bn in 2018 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10.3% during the forecast period 2019 2027, to account to US$ 17.39 Bn by 2027. Factors such as advancements in cloud technology, and high adoption among by SMEs is driving the cloud based payroll software market growth.\nThe market has of large number well recognized as well as medium and smaller companies across the globe which are involved in development of robust software and offer services to their clients. Also the advancements in cloud technology has accelerated the procurement of cloud based payroll software among numerous companies across industries.\nAlso, owing to low entry barrier to the cloud based payroll software market, the emerging companies are also experiencing significant growth in terms of clientele and revenue, which is smoothening the growth path of cloud based payroll software market in the emerging countries. In addition, the cost competitiveness among the cloud based payroll market players, is increasing the quest to adopt the advanced technology, thereby projecting a significant future for cloud based payroll software market.\nThe most prominent region in global cloud based payroll software market in 2018 accounted for North America, followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. Middle East and Africa, and South America held the fourth and fifth position in terms of market shares in cloud based payroll software market.\nThe dominance of North America is majorly accountable for significantly large number of cloud based payroll software market players in the US. Also, the trend of adoption of newer technologies is consistently higher in the US, and pertaining to the industry scenario, the country is densely populated with numerous organizations from different industries.\nAsia Pacific is estimated to be the fastest growing geography during the forecast period from 2019 2027. The countries in Asia Pacific are constantly witnessing the establishments of different multi national companies as well as emergence of national or local companies.\nThe major companies operating in the cloud based payroll software market globally includes ADP LLC, Ceridian HCM, Inc., Intuit Inc., PAYCOM, Paychex Inc., Oracle Corporation, Sage Group Plc., SAP SE, XERO Limited, and ZENEFITS among others.\nKey Topics Covered\n1.1 Scope of the Study\n1.2 Report Guidance\n1.3.1 Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market by Organizational Size\n1.3.2 Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market by Industry Verticals\n1.3.3 Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market by Geography\n2. Key Takeaways", "URL": "https://www.sectorpublishingintelligence.co.uk/news/2262950/global-cloud-based-payroll-software-market-to-2027-36174-billion-opportunity-insights-report-2019--researchandmarketscom"}, {"Title": "Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market to 2027: $17.4 Billion Opportunity Insights Report, 2019 - ResearchAndMarkets.com", "Text": "The \"Cloud Based Payroll Software Market to 2027 Global Analysis and Forecasts by Organizational Size and Industry Vertical\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.\nThe global cloud based payroll software market was valued at US$ 7.34 Bn in 2018 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10.3% during the forecast period 2019 2027, to account to US$ 17.39 Bn by 2027. Factors such as advancements in cloud technology, and high adoption among by SMEs is driving the cloud based payroll software market growth.\nThe market has of large number well recognized as well as medium and smaller companies across the globe which are involved in development of robust software and offer services to their clients. Also the advancements in cloud technology has accelerated the procurement of cloud based payroll software among numerous companies across industries.\nAlso, owing to low entry barrier to the cloud based payroll software market, the emerging companies are also experiencing significant growth in terms of clientele and revenue, which is smoothening the growth path of cloud based payroll software market in the emerging countries. In addition, the cost competitiveness among the cloud based payroll market players, is increasing the quest to adopt the advanced technology, thereby projecting a significant future for cloud based payroll software market.\nThe most prominent region in global cloud based payroll software market in 2018 accounted for North America, followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. Middle East and Africa, and South America held the fourth and fifth position in terms of market shares in cloud based payroll software market.\nThe dominance of North America is majorly accountable for significantly large number of cloud based payroll software market players in the US. Also, the trend of adoption of newer technologies is consistently higher in the US, and pertaining to the industry scenario, the country is densely populated with numerous organizations from different industries.\nAsia Pacific is estimated to be the fastest growing geography during the forecast period from 2019 2027. The countries in Asia Pacific are constantly witnessing the establishments of different multi national companies as well as emergence of national or local companies.\nThe major companies operating in the cloud based payroll software market globally includes ADP LLC, Ceridian HCM, Inc., Intuit Inc., PAYCOM, Paychex Inc., Oracle Corporation, Sage Group Plc., SAP SE, XERO Limited, and ZENEFITS among others.\nKey Topics Covered\n1.1 Scope of the Study\n1.2 Report Guidance\n1.3.1 Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market by Organizational Size\n1.3.2 Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market by Industry Verticals\n1.3.3 Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market by Geography\n2. Key Takeaways", "URL": "http://businesswire.sys-con.com/node/4385158"}, {"Title": "Cloud Based Payroll Software Market to 2027 - Global Analysis and Forecasts by Organizational Size and Industry Vertical", "Text": "April 25, 2019 08:01 ET | Source: Research and Markets\nDublin, April 25, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) The \"Cloud Based Payroll Software Market to 2027 Global Analysis and Forecasts by Organizational Size and Industry Vertical\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering. The global cloud based payroll software market was valued at US$ 7.34 Bn in 2018 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10.3% during the forecast period 2019 2027, to account to US$ 17.39 Bn by 2027. Factors such as advancements in cloud technology, and high adoption among by SMEs is driving the cloud based payroll software market growth.The market has of large number well recognized as well as medium and smaller companies across the globe which are involved in development of robust software and offer services to their clients. Also the advancements in cloud technology has accelerated the procurement of cloud based payroll software among numerous companies across industries.Also, owing to low entry barrier to the cloud based payroll software market, the emerging companies are also experiencing significant growth in terms of clientele and revenue, which is smoothening the growth path of cloud based payroll software market in the emerging countries. In addition, the cost competitiveness among the cloud based payroll market players, is increasing the quest to adopt the advanced technology, thereby projecting a significant future for cloud based payroll software market.The most prominent region in global cloud based payroll software market in 2018 accounted for North America, followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. Middle East and Africa, and South America held the fourth and fifth position in terms of market shares in cloud based payroll software market. The dominance of North America is majorly accountable for significantly large number of cloud based payroll software market players in the US. Also, the trend of adoption of newer technologies is consistently higher in the US, and pertaining to the industry scenario, the country is densely populated with numerous organizations from different industries. Asia Pacific, is estimated to be the fastest growing geography during the forecast period from 2019 2027. The countries in Asia Pacific are constantly witnessing the establishments of different multi national companies as well as emergence of national or local companies.The major companies operating in the cloud based payroll software market globally includes ADP LLC, Ceridian HCM, Inc., Intuit Inc., PAYCOM, Paychex Inc., Oracle Corporation, Sage Group Plc., SAP SE, XERO Limited, and ZENEFITS among others. Key Topics Covered: 1.1 Scope of the Study1.2 Report Guidance", "URL": "https://globenewswire.com/news-release/2019/04/25/1809630/0/en/Cloud-Based-Payroll-Software-Market-to-2027-Global-Analysis-and-Forecasts-by-Organizational-Size-and-Industry-Vertical.html"}, {"Title": "Epigenetics Market Projected to Garner $1,321 Mn by 2023 at 13.1% CAGR, Says AMR", "Text": "Epigenetics Market Projected to Garner $1,321 Mn by 2023 at 13.1% CAGR, Says AMR\nPORTLAND, Oregon , Feb. 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ Allied Market Research published a report, titled, \"Epigenetics Market by Product [Enzymes (DNA Ligases, DNA Polymerases, Other DNA modifying Enzymes), Kits & Assays (Bisulfite Conversion Kits, Chip Seq Kits, Deep Sequencing Kits, Methyltransferase Assays, Histone Assays, Immunoprecipitation Kits), Instruments (Mass Spectrometers, Next generation Sequencers, qPCRs, and Sonicators), and Reagents (Antibodies, Buffers, Histones, Magnetic Beads, Primers, and Other Epigenetics Reagents)], Application (Oncology and Non oncology Diseases, Developmental Biology, Drug Discovery, and Others), and End User [Academic & Research Institutes, Pharmaceutical Companies, Biotechnology Companies, and Contract Research Organizations (CROs)] Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2017 2023. According to the report, the global epigenetics market was valued at $630 million in 2017 and is expected to reach $1,321 million by 2023, registering a CAGR of 13.1% during the forecast period.\nThe surge in prevalence of cancer and other infectious diseases, increase in genome mapping programs worldwide, and advancements in gene technology drive the growth of the global epigenetics market. However, standardization concerns over epigenetic based diagnostics and lack of skilled professionals in this field restrict market growth. Nonetheless, rise in awareness regarding epigenetics in emerging economies would create lucrative opportunities for new market players in the near future.\nRequest Sample Report at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request sample/846\nInstruments in epigenetics are projected to grow at the fastest rate\nBased on product, the instruments segment is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR of 14.9% during the forecast period, supplemented by the increasing use of instruments in the analytical and life science industry. However, the kits & assays segment occupied more than one third of the global market in 2016 and is expected to continue its dominance throughout 2023.\nOncology to remain the dominant segment through 2023\nBy application, the oncology segment is expected to garner almost two thirds of the global market from 2017 to 2023, owing to the growing trend of biomarker research and the rise in the development of anticancer therapies. However, the non oncology segment is projected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period, owing to the effectiveness of epigenetic therapies in treating metabolic, inflammatory, and cardiovascular diseases.\nFor Purchase Enquiry: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/purchase enquiry/846\nAcademic & government research institutes are expected to dominate the market\nBased on end user, academic & government research institutes is anticipated to remain the dominant segment throughout the forecast period owing to rise in demand for extraction services, library preparation, methylation services, and clinical grade targeted sequencing among researchers and scientists. However, the biotechnology companies segment is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR of 13.7% from 2017 to 2023.\nAsia Pacific to encounter the highest growth in the near future\nAs the markets in developed countries are almost saturated, Asia Pacific is projected to provide major opportunities to venture capitalists and investors throughout the forecast period. The region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR of 14.8%, driven by significant developments by China and Japan towards incorporating new technologies in healthcare.\nKey market players\nThe key players analyzed in the report include Abcam plc., Illumina, QIAGEN N.V., Merck & Co., New England Biolabs, Inc., Sigma Aldrich Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Active Motif. Diagenode, Inc., and Zymo Research Corporation. They have adopted different strategies including collaborations, joint ventures, partnerships, expansions, mergers & acquisitions, and others to gain a strong position in the industry.\nAccess KNOWLEDGE TREE (Premium on demand, subscription based pricing model) at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/knowledgetree\nKnowledge tree is a cloud based intelligence platform that offers more than 2,000 selective, off the shelf reports on niche markets to enable our clients gain deep insights on the latest trends, dynamic technologies, and emerging application areas.\nSimilar Reports:\nSmall Animal Imaging (In Vivo) Market\nAbout Us\nAllied Market Research (AMR) is a full service market research and business consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of \"Market Research Reports\" and \"Business Intelligence Solutions.\" AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain.\nWe are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry.\nContact:\n5933 NE Win Sivers Drive#205, Portland, OR 97220", "URL": "https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2019-02/46012023-epigenetics-market-projected-to-garner-dollar-1-321-mn-by-2023-at-13-1-cagr-says-amr-008.htm"}, {"Title": "Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market 2019-2027 - Amalgamation of Artificial Intelligence (AI) In Cloud-Based Payroll Software", "Text": "Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market 2019 2027 Amalgamation of Artificial Intelligence (AI) In Cloud Based Payroll Software [April 29, 2019] Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Market 2019 2027 Amalgamation of Artificial Intelligence (AI) In Cloud Based Payroll Software\nDUBLIN , April 29, 2019 /PRNewswire/ The \"Cloud Based Payroll Software Market to 2027 Global Analysis and Forecasts by Organizational Size and Industry Vertical\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.\nThe global cloud based payroll software market was valued at US$ 7.34 Bn in 2018 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10.3% during the forecast period 2019 2027, to account to US$ 17.39 Bn by 2027.\nFactors such as advancements in cloud technology, and high adoption among by SMEs is driving the cloud based payroll software market growth.\nThe market has of large number well recognized as well as medium and smaller companies across the globe which are involved in development of robust software and offer services to their clients. Also the advancements in cloud technology has accelerated the procurement of cloud based payroll software among numerous companies across industries.\nAlso, owing to low entry barrier to the cloud based payroll software market, the emerging companies are also experiencing significant growth in terms of clientele and revenue, which is smoothening the growth path of cloud based payroll software market in the emerging countries. In addition, the cost competitiveness among the cloud based payroll market players, is increasing the quest to adopt the advanced technology, thereby projecting a significant future for cloud based payroll software market.\nThe most prominent region in global cloud based payroll software market in 2018 accounted for North America , followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. Middle East and Africa , and South America held the fourth and fifth position in terms of market shares in cloud based payroll software market. The dominance of North America is majorly accountable for significantly large number of cloud based payroll software market players in the US.\nAlso, the trend of adoptionof newer technologies is consistently higher in the US, and pertaining to the industry scenario, the country is densely populated with numerous organizations from different industries. Asia Pacific , is estimated to be the fastest growing geography during the forecast period from 2019 2027. The countries in Asia Pacific are constantly witnessing the establishments of different multi national companies as well as emergence of national or local companies.\nThe major companies operating in the cloud based payroll software market globally includes ADP LLC, Ceridian HCM, Inc., Intuit Inc., PAYCOM, Paychex Inc., Oracle Corporation, Sage Group Plc., SAP SE, XERO Limited, and ZENEFITS among others.\nKey Topics Covered:\n1.1 Scope of the Study\n1.2 Report Guidance", "URL": "https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2019/04/29/8946271.htm"}, {"Title": "The global cloud based payroll software market was valued at US$", "Text": "SOURCE Reportlinker\nNEW YORK , April 23, 2019 /PRNewswire/ The global cloud based payroll software market was valued at US$ 7.34 Bn in 2018 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10.3% during the forecast period 2019 2027, to account to US$ 17.39 Bn by 2027. Factors such as advancements in cloud technology, and high adoption among by SMEs is driving the cloud based payroll software market growth.\nRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05764194/?utm_source=PRN\nThe market has of large number well recognized as well as medium and smaller companies across the globe which are involved in development of robust software and offer services to their clients. Also the advancements in cloud technology has accelerated the procurement of cloud based payroll software among numerous companies across industries.\nAlso, owing to low entry barrier to the cloud based payroll software market, the emerging companies are also experiencing significant growth in terms of clientele and revenue, which is smoothening the growth path of cloud based payroll software market in the emerging countries. In addition, the cost competitiveness among the cloud based payroll market players, is increasing the quest to adopt the advanced technology, thereby projecting a significant future for cloud based payroll software market.\nThe most prominent region in global cloud based payroll software market in 2018 accounted for North America , followed by Europe and Asia Pacific.Middle East and Africa , and South America held the fourth and fifth position in terms of market shares in cloud based payroll software market.\nThe dominance of North America is majorly accountable for significantly large number of cloud based payroll software market players in the US.Also, the trend of adoption of newer technologies is consistently higher in the US, and pertaining to the industry scenario, the country is densely populated with numerous organizations from different industries.\nAsia Pacific , is estimated to be the fastest growing geography during the forecast period from 2019 2027. The countries in Asia Pacific are constantly witnessing the establishments of different multi national companies as well as emergence of national or local companies.\nThe overall cloud based payroll software market size has been derived using both primary and secondary source.The research process begins with exhaustive secondary research using internal and external sources to obtain qualitative and quantitative information related to the cloud based payroll software market.\nIt also provides the overview and forecast for the global cloud based payroll software market based on all the segmentation provided with respect to five major reasons such as North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , Middle East & Africa , and South America.Also, primary interviews were conducted with industry participants and commentators in order to validate data and analysis.\nThe participants who typically take part in such a process include industry expert such as VPs, business development managers, market intelligence managers, and national sales managers, and external consultants such as valuation experts, research analysts, and key opinion leaders specializing in the cloud based payroll software industry. The major companies operating in the cloud based payroll software market globally includes ADP LLC, Ceridian HCM, Inc., Intuit Inc., PAYCOM, Paychex Inc., Oracle Corporation, Sage Group Plc., SAP SE, XERO Limited, and ZENEFITS among others.\nReasons to Buy\nHighlights key business priorities in order to assist companies to realign their business strategies.\nThe key findings and recommendations highlight crucial progressive industry trends in the Cloud Based Payroll Software market, thereby allowing players to develop effective long term strategies.\nDevelop/modify business expansion plans by using substantial growth offering developed and emerging markets.\nScrutinize in depth global market trends and outlook coupled with the factors driving the market, as well as those hindering it.\nEnhance the decision making process by understanding the strategies that underpin commercial interest with respect to products, segmentation and industry verticals.\nRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p05764194/?utm_source=PRN\nAbout Reportlinker\nReportLinker is an award winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need instantly, in one place.", "URL": "http://www.mylubbocktv.com/story/40355495/the-global-cloud-based-payroll-software-market-was-valued-at-us-734-bn-in-2018-and-is-expected-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-103-during-the-forecast-period"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}, {"vendor": "VMware, Inc.", "intensity": 18.0, "score": 12120, "relationshipStrength": "Satisfactory", "news": [{"Title": "Global Cloud Services Brokerage (CSB) Industry", "Text": "SOURCE Reportlinker\nNEW YORK , Jan. 9, 2019 /PRNewswire/ This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Cloud Services Brokerage (CSB) in US$ Million.\nRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p03646054\nThe Global market is further analyzed by the following Segments: Cloud Brokerage Services, and Cloud Brokerage Enablement Solutions. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Japan , Europe , Asia Pacific , and Rest of World.\nAnnual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2024. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. Company profiles are primarily based on public domain information including company URLs.\nThe report profiles 55 companies including many key and niche players such as:\n Accenture Plc\n Appirio\n BMC Software, Inc.\n Capgemini S.A\n CenturyLink\n Cisco\nRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p03646054\nCLOUD SERVICES BROKERAGE (CSB) MCP 7\nMARKET ANALYSIS, TRENDS, AND FORECASTS, DECEMBER 2\nCONTENTS\n1. INTRODUCTION, METHODOLOGY & PRODUCT DEFINITIONS\nStudy Reliability and Reporting Limitations\nData Interpretation & Reporting Level\nQuantitative Techniques & Analytics\nProduct Definitions and Scope of Study\nCloud Brokerage Services\nCloud Brokerage Enablement Solutions\n2. MARKET OVERVIEW\nCommoditization of Cloud Computing Spawns the Evolution of Cloud Service Brokerage\nCloud Exchanges: The Next Chapter in the Cloud Brokerage Story\nRise of Multi Cloud Environment Expands the Addressable Market Opportunity for Cloud Services Brokerage\nTable 1: As Multi Cloud Emerges Into the Most Preferred Cloud Strategy Among Enterprises, the Role of CSBs in Aggregating, Integrating & Customizing Multiple Clouds Grows Bigger & More Important: % of Enterprises Deploying Cloud by Type for the Years 2016 & 2018 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\nManagement Overheads Associated With Multi Cloud Sourcing Strategy Brings Third Party Cloud Services Brokerage Under the Spotlight\nElimination of Vendor Lock In: The Primary Tenet of Cloud Brokerage\nCloud Service Providers too Stand to Benefit from Third Party Cloud Services Brokerage\nGrowing Focus on Internally Handling Cloud Brokerage Functions Spurs Sales of CSB Enablement Solutions\nAsia Pacific : An Emerging Opportunity for CSBs\nTable 2: High Cloud Readiness Index (CRI) Score in Asian Countries Spells Lucrative Business Opportunities for CSBs: Breakdown of CRI Indices by Country for the Year 2\n(includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\nRobust Adoption of Public Cloud Services Provides the Foundation for Growth\nTable 3: Projected Growth in Cloud Workload Processing Marks the Cloud\u20ac's Convergence with Mainstream IT: Breakdown of Global Workloads Processed in Cloud Data Centers as Compared to Traditional Datacenters (In Million) for the Years 2016, 2018, 2020 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\nTable 4: Widespread Projected Spurt in Growth of Public Cloud Computing Services Drives Parallel Market Opportunities for Cloud Brokerage Services: Global Market for Public Cloud Computing Services (In US$ Billion) by Service Type for the Years 2018, 2021 and 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\nRise of Federated Clouds & the Need to Optimize Costs & Leverage Cheap Spare Cloud Capacity of Service Providers While Circumventing the Caveat to Discounts Drives New Service Opportunities for CSBs\nTable 5: Rise of Serverless Computing & the Accompanying Flexibility in Dynamic Workload Migration Drives Demand for Brokerage Services that Help Leverage Discounted Excess Cloud Capacity: Global Market for Serverless Architecture (In US$ Billion) for the Years 2018, 2020 and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\nGrowing Security Concerns of Cloud Services to Boost Demand for CSBs\nTable 6: Omnipresent Threat of Cloud Breaches Capable of Jeopardizing Enterprise Digital Transformation Strategies Drives Opportunities for Cloud Access Security Brokers (CASBs): Per Capita Cost of Data Breach (In US$) for the Years 2014 through 2018 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\nTable 7: Per Capita Cost of Data Breach (In US$) by Country for the Year 2018 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\nRising Demand for Hybrid IT & Multi Sourced Operating Models Augurs Well for the Market\nTable 8: Evolution of Datacenters Around the Cloud Magnifies the Need for Hybrid IT Capability & Service Brokers to Manage the Complexity: Global Hybrid Cloud Market (In US$ Billion) for the Years 2018, 2020 and 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\nCloud Brokers Focus On the Development of App Stores as the First Step Towards Establishing White Label Cloud Service Marketplace\nAvailability of Platforms for Establishing P2P Marketplace Allows White Labelling of Cloud Brokerage\nSMBs to Drive Growth in Cloud Brokerage Market\nHigh Profile Cloud Aggregators Role Continues to Evolve\nTelecom Service Providers Make a Mark as Cloud Aggregators\nInnovation & Service Differentiation: Key Strategies to Stay Afloat in the Market in the Highly Competitive Market\nIssues & Challenges\nEmergence of Branded Private Cloud Marketplaces Magnifies the Risk of CSP & Broker Lock Ins\nLack of Definite Framework for Defining Cloud Service Brokerage Fuels Confusion\nInadequate Awareness Levels\nMarket Outlook\n3. CONCEPTUAL OVERVIEW\nIntroduction\nAggregation\nArbitrage\nIntegration\nCustomization\nAdvantages of a CSB Service\nLower Cost\nEase of Use\nAccess to Latest Cloud Services\nCompare & Contrast\nEasy to Understand SLA\nEase of Deployment\nEnhanced Interface\nSpecific Qualities Required From A Cloud Service Broker:\nCapacity Management\nBusiness Continuity\nCost Optimization\nA Thorough Knowledge Pertaining to Cloud Market\nA Firm Relationship with Cloud Service Provider\nA Detailed Awareness of the Client\u20ac's Industry\nExpertise with Assimilating Services\n4. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE\n4.1 Focus on Select Players\nAccenture Plc ( Ireland )\nAppirio ( USA )\nBMC Software, Inc. ( USA )\nCapgemini S.A ( France )\nCenturyLink ( USA )\nCisco ( USA )\nCloudability Inc. ( USA )\nCloudMore ( Sweden )\nComputeNext ( USA )\nDell Boomi ( USA )\nDoubleHorn, LLC ( USA )\nForcepoint ( USA )\nIBM ( USA )\nJamcracker, Inc. ( USA )\nLiaison Technologies, Inc. ( USA )\nNeostratus ( Hungary )\nOpenText Corp ( Canada )\nRightScale, Inc ( USA )\nSpotinst ( Israel )\nVeeam\u00ae Software. ( Switzerland )\n4.2 Service/Product Launches\nPivotal Software Releases Spring Cloud Open Service Broker 3.0.0.M1\nYandex Launches Yandex.Cloud Platform\nVMware Launches Series of New Cloud Services\nTelarus Launches in Australia with Tradewinds Brokerage\nAccenture and Google Cloud Launches the Accenture Google Cloud Business Group (AGBG)\nAtos Launches New Cloud Access Security Broker (CASB) Service\nDoubleHorn Releases DoubleHorn Marketplace Cloud Pricing Tool\ndinCloud Launches Cloud Services for Lending Industry\nCloud Distribution Announces Your Cloud (CSB) Platform\nThe Cloud Foundry Foundation Launches Open Service Broker API Project\n4.3 Recent Industry Activity\nSaxo Bank Partners with Microsoft for Cloud Services\nGoogle Partners with Cisco for Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Services\nJamcracker Partners with Lintasarta for B2B Cloud Marketplace Service\nTechwave to Acquire iMicron\nJamcracker Adds Support for IaaS CMP Functionality\n5. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVE\nTable 9: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cloud Services Brokerage (CSB) by Geographic Region US, Japan , Europe , Asia Pacific (excluding Japan ), and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\nTable 10: World 10 Year Perspective for Cloud Services Brokerage (CSB) by Geographic Region Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for US, Japan , Europe , Asia Pacific (excluding Japan ), and Rest of World Markets for Years 2015, 2018 and 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\nTable 11: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cloud Services Brokerage (CSB) by Segment Cloud Brokerage Services and Cloud Brokerage Enablement Solutions Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\nTable 12: World 10 Year Perspective for Cloud Services Brokerage (CSB) by Segment Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for Cloud Brokerage Services and Cloud Brokerage Enablement Solutions Markets for Years 2015, 2018 and 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\n6. REGIONAL MARKET PERSPECTIVE\n6.1 The United States\nA.Market Analysis\nCurrent & Future Analysis\nMarket Overview\nB.Market Analytics\nTable 13: The US Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cloud Services Brokerage (CSB) Market Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2\n(includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\n6.2 Japan\nMarket Analysis\nTable 14: Japanese Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cloud Services Brokerage (CSB) Market Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\n6.3 Europe\nA.Market Analysis\nCurrent & Future Analysis\nCSB Market Benefits from Steady Rise in Cloud IT Spending\nB.Market Analytics\nTable 15: European Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cloud Services Brokerage (CSB) Market Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\n6.4 Asia Pacific\nMarket Analysis\nTable 16: Asia Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cloud Services Brokerage (CSB) by Geographic Region China , South Korea , and Rest of Asia Pacific Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\nTable 17: Asia Pacific 10 Year Perspective for Cloud Services Brokerage (CSB) by Geographic Region Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for China , South Korea , and Rest of Asia Pacific Markets for Years 2015, 2018 and 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\n6.4.1 China\nMarket Analysis\nTable 18: Chinese Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cloud Services Brokerage (CSB) Market Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Million for Years 2015 through 2\n(includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\n6.4.2 South Korea\nMarket Analysis\nTable 19: South Korean Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cloud Services Brokerage (CSB) Market Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Million for Years 2\nthrough 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\n6.4.3 Rest of Asia Pacific\nMarket Analysis\nTable 20: Rest of Asia Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cloud Services Brokerage (CSB) Market Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Million for Years 2\nthrough 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\n6.5 Rest of World\nMarket Analysis\nTable 21: Rest of World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Cloud Services Brokerage (CSB) Market Analyzed with Annual Revenue Figures in US$ Million for Years 2\nthrough 2024 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart)\n7. COMPANY PROFILES\nTotal Companies Profiled: 55 (including Divisions/Subsidiaries 59) The United States (32) Canada (2) Japan (1) Europe (16) France (3) Germany (1) The United Kingdom (2) Rest of Europe (10) Asia Pacific (Excluding Japan) (8)\nRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p03646054\nAbout Reportlinker\nReportLinker is an award winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need instantly, in one place.", "URL": "http://www.mylubbocktv.com/story/39760813/global-cloud-services-brokerage-csb-industry"}, {"Title": "VMware Cloud On AWS Helps Customers Across Europe Migrate and Modernize Applications", "Text": "VMware Adds AWS EU (Stockholm) Region, New Cloud Migration and Kubernetes Capabilities for Enterprises and Multi tenancy Capabilities for Managed Service Providers November 05, 2019 03:01 ET | Source: VMware, Inc. BARCELONA, Spain, Nov. 05, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Today at VMworld 2019 Europe , VMware, Inc. (NYSE: VMW) announced VMware Cloud on AWS will be launching in the AWS EU (Stockholm) region, bringing the total number of available global regions in Europe to five and globally to 17 in just over two years. VMware also announced new capabilities for the company's flagship hybrid cloud service that will enable both customers and partners to drive greater value from the consistent infrastructure and operations delivered by VMware Cloud on AWS.\n\"Momentum for VMware Cloud on AWS continues as customers expand their adoption of our unique hybrid cloud service,\" said Mark Lohmeyer, senior vice president and general manager, cloud platform business unit, VMware. \"With total VMs up 9x, the number of partners with their VMware Cloud on AWS Competency up 3x, and the number of available ISV partner validated solutions up 3x in just the past year, we're now ready to launch our fifth region in EMEA in Stockholm. This will enable customers in the Nordics to adopt VMware Cloud on AWS as part of their cloud strategy. Our innovation engine also continues to deliver capabilities that set VMware Cloud on AWS apart. Customers will now be able to migrate and modernize their applications with integrated Kubernetes support.\"\nModernizing Applications with Kubernetes on VMware Cloud on AWS Organizations that want to run containers and Kubernetes on VMware Cloud on AWS can start today with VMware PKS. Combined with VMware Cloud on AWS, customers can quickly create and scale their Kubernetes clusters. In addition, they can minimize disruptions to applications by easily rolling back any incompatible updates. With additional support from VMware's expert Kubernetes Architect Team, customers can architect and deploy a Kubernetes platform that is customized to their needs, and ready their in house team to operate a cloud native infrastructure. In the future, VMware Cloud on AWS customers will also be able to leverage Project Pacific, which will transform VMware vSphere into a Kubernetes native platform.\nMigrating Any Application to VMware Cloud on AWS Leads to Lower Total Costs Organizations use VMware Cloud on AWS to support business growth, drive digital transformation, improve development cycles and optimize costs. A critical path to adoption is addressing challenges that increase migration time, cost and risk. With capabilities such as VMware HCX, VMware vMotion, L2 Stretched networks and VMware NSX / AWS Direct Connect integration, VMware addresses customers' migration requirements. VMware will add the following new VMware HCX cloud migration capabilities: OS Assisted Migration: Ability to migrate non vSphere workloads such as applications running in RedHat OpenStack/KVM, and Microsoft Hyper V environments to VMware Cloud on AWS. This will provide customers a simple path to rebalance and re platform workloads to a VMware Cloud on AWS. VMware HCX cross SDDC (Region to Region) and inter cloud migration: Capability will enable push button migration and extension of networks and interconnectivity between VMware Cloud on AWS SDDC running in different AWS Regions, something previously not possible. By providing the ability to extend networks between regions, customers can make their policies and configurations more consistent. This capability will also enable customers with the choice to connect and move workloads between other VMware based clouds and VMware Cloud on AWS.\nA Total Economic Impact (TEI) study (1) commissioned by VMware and conducted by Forrester Consulting showed a composite organization saved 59 percent of operational costs in the cloud, versus the equivalent capacity on premises. Additionally, the following risk adjusted present value quantified benefits are representative of those experienced by the companies interviewed: Avoided application redesign, totaling savings of $2.7M Reduced labor hours for operations, saving $1.2M Reduction in data center operating costs, totaling $1.4M Software and hardware savings of $3.2M\nDownload and read the full study here.\nNew Multi Tenancy Capabilities for Managed Service Providers VMware Cloud Director service is a new solution that will enable VMware Cloud on AWS managed service providers (MSPs) to better address the requirements of small and medium sized businesses. VMware Cloud Director brings the proven multi tenant capabilities of VMware vCloud Director to VMware Cloud on AWS, allowing MSPs to share VMware Cloud on AWS instances and the overall costs, across multiple tenants. VMware Cloud Director service will provide cross site networking capabilities with existing vCloud Director infrastructures thereby creating a hyper distributed provider management plane. Cloud providers will have the ability to slice and dice VMware Cloud on AWS SDDC resources, and have fine grained control of resource allocation and consumption. Cloud providers will also be able to offer customers with a custom branded user experience.\nVMware Cloud on AWS Customer Stories William Hill plc is one of the world's leading betting and gaming companies. \"Cloud is at the heart of our business; it's the only way we can transform and achieve our business objectives. We have a two year plan to move all applications to the public cloud,\" said Sarah Lucas, head of platforms and infrastructure, William Hill. \"VMware Cloud on AWS provides William Hill with a more secure and agile hybrid cloud platform built on consistent infrastructure and operations. With VMware Cloud on AWS, William Hill is migrating workloads quickly with no refactoring, allowing us to meet our data center evacuation and cloud migration timelines. The speed of migrations, and the operational efficiency we have gained by leveraging our existing VMware processes, skills and tools allow us to more easily meet the dynamic capacity requirements of key sporting events like the Cheltenham Festival and the Grand National.\"\nThe UK Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) is the UK's biggest public service department, responsible for welfare, pensions and child maintenance policy. \"Three years ago, much of our IT was outsourced and we were suffering under monolithic contracts with 12 to 24 month delivery cycles, limited flexibility, and no control. We wanted to take back control of IT,\" said Steven Prescott Jones, OPH Lead Hybrid Cloud, DWP. \"VMware Cloud on AWS gives us complete control of a modern hybrid cloud environment, with consistent infrastructure and operations that empower us to place applications in the best possible environments, whether that's on premises or in the cloud. We can now take advantage of a genuine consumption based model where we're paying only for what we need, ensuring our platforms are now cost optimized, and we are lowering operational expenses through automated provisioning and streamlined management. Most importantly, our applications perform better for our users.\"\nRackspace is a leading VMware Cloud on AWS managed services provider and a Cloud Verified partner. Lee James, CTO Rackspace EMEA said, \"Rackspace today offers a hybrid cloud services portfolio that allows customers such as Metro Bank to offload the complexity of deploying, integrating and managing applications, and gives them the services needed to accelerate their IT modernization initiatives. Rackspace was one of the first managed service providers for VMware Cloud on AWS, and we've evolved our offering with VMware HCX based cloud migration services, managed Guest OS services and forthcoming managed external storage services. With these capabilities, Rackspace offers customers a hybrid interconnect to enable fast, simple and more secure application migration and portability across VMware based private clouds and VMware Cloud on AWS, increased storage scalability without the need to purchase additional hosts, and access to Fanatical Experience for operating systems on customer VMs.\"\nAbout VMware Cloud on AWS VMware Cloud on AWS is a jointly engineered service that brings VMware's enterprise class software defined data center capabilities to Amazon Web Services (AWS), with optimized access to AWS services. The service offers fast cloud migration, powered by VMware HCX and vMotion combined with consistent hybrid cloud infrastructure and operations. Once applications are migrated, customers can extend the capabilities of these applications through integration of native AWS services, such as Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS), and Amazon SageMaker. In the future, through innovative technology such as Bitfusion and partnerships with industry leaders such as NVIDIA, customers will be able to enrich existing applications and power modern enterprise applications, including AI, machine learning, and data analytics workflows, through best in class GPU acceleration services.\nAvailability\nThe following capabilities are expected to be available in VMware Q4 FY20 ending January 31, 2020: VMware Cloud on AWS availability in AWS EU (Stockholm) Region, VMware PKS with VMware Cloud on AWS, HCX OS Assisted Migration, HCX cross SDDC and inter cloud migration. VMware Cloud Director service is expected to be in beta in Q4 FY20 (2). Findings based on three year, risk adjusted results for a composite organization created for The Total Economic Impact Of VMware Cloud On AWS, an August 2019 commissioned study conducted by Forrester Consulting on behalf of VMware. There is no commitment or obligation that beta features will become generally available.\nFor information on all news announcements issued at VMworld 2019 Europe, please visit the Online Press Kit.\nNews at VMworld Europe", "URL": "https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2019/11/05/1940881/0/en/VMware-Cloud-On-AWS-Helps-Customers-Across-Europe-Migrate-and-Modernize-Applications.html"}, {"Title": "GlobalData : Google and Amazon among the leading companies in GlobalData's data centers theme for the cloud services sector | MarketScreener", "Text": "26 Jul 2019\nGoogle and Amazon among the leading companies in GlobalData's data centers theme for the cloud services sector Posted in Press Release , Technology Google, Amazon and VMware are the leading companies in the data centers theme, according to the latest Thematic Scorecard for the cloud services sector from GlobalData, a leading data and analytics company.\nData centers are facilities used to house computer systems and associated networking equipment to capture, store, analyse and re transmit data.\nThe three companies all gained the highest Thematic score (5 out of 5) for the data centers theme in GlobalData's Thematic Scorecard for the cloud services sector. A Thematic score of 5 out of 5 indicates that the companies' competitive position in this theme will significantly improve their future performance.\nAlso identified as dominant players in this theme are Cisco, Dell, Equinix, HP Enterprise and Interxion.\nGlobalData's Thematic Scorecard ranks companies within a sector on the basis of overall leadership in the 10 themes that matter most to their industry, generating a leading indicator of future earnings growth.\nAttachments\nOriginal document Permalink Disclaimer\nGlobalData plc published this content on 26 July 2019 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 26 July 2019 16:34:08 UTC", "URL": "https://www.marketscreener.com/PROGRESSIVE-DIGITAL-MEDIA-5383454/news/GlobalData-Google-and-Amazon-among-the-leading-companies-in-GlobalData-s-data-centers-theme-for-th-28965020/"}, {"Title": "Epigenetics Market Projected to Garner $1,321 Mn by 2023 at 13.1% CAGR, Says AMR", "Text": "Epigenetics Market Projected to Garner $1,321 Mn by 2023 at 13.1% CAGR, Says AMR\nPORTLAND, Oregon , Feb. 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ Allied Market Research published a report, titled, \"Epigenetics Market by Product [Enzymes (DNA Ligases, DNA Polymerases, Other DNA modifying Enzymes), Kits & Assays (Bisulfite Conversion Kits, Chip Seq Kits, Deep Sequencing Kits, Methyltransferase Assays, Histone Assays, Immunoprecipitation Kits), Instruments (Mass Spectrometers, Next generation Sequencers, qPCRs, and Sonicators), and Reagents (Antibodies, Buffers, Histones, Magnetic Beads, Primers, and Other Epigenetics Reagents)], Application (Oncology and Non oncology Diseases, Developmental Biology, Drug Discovery, and Others), and End User [Academic & Research Institutes, Pharmaceutical Companies, Biotechnology Companies, and Contract Research Organizations (CROs)] Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2017 2023. According to the report, the global epigenetics market was valued at $630 million in 2017 and is expected to reach $1,321 million by 2023, registering a CAGR of 13.1% during the forecast period.\nThe surge in prevalence of cancer and other infectious diseases, increase in genome mapping programs worldwide, and advancements in gene technology drive the growth of the global epigenetics market. However, standardization concerns over epigenetic based diagnostics and lack of skilled professionals in this field restrict market growth. Nonetheless, rise in awareness regarding epigenetics in emerging economies would create lucrative opportunities for new market players in the near future.\nRequest Sample Report at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request sample/846\nInstruments in epigenetics are projected to grow at the fastest rate\nBased on product, the instruments segment is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR of 14.9% during the forecast period, supplemented by the increasing use of instruments in the analytical and life science industry. However, the kits & assays segment occupied more than one third of the global market in 2016 and is expected to continue its dominance throughout 2023.\nOncology to remain the dominant segment through 2023\nBy application, the oncology segment is expected to garner almost two thirds of the global market from 2017 to 2023, owing to the growing trend of biomarker research and the rise in the development of anticancer therapies. However, the non oncology segment is projected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period, owing to the effectiveness of epigenetic therapies in treating metabolic, inflammatory, and cardiovascular diseases.\nFor Purchase Enquiry: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/purchase enquiry/846\nAcademic & government research institutes are expected to dominate the market\nBased on end user, academic & government research institutes is anticipated to remain the dominant segment throughout the forecast period owing to rise in demand for extraction services, library preparation, methylation services, and clinical grade targeted sequencing among researchers and scientists. However, the biotechnology companies segment is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR of 13.7% from 2017 to 2023.\nAsia Pacific to encounter the highest growth in the near future\nAs the markets in developed countries are almost saturated, Asia Pacific is projected to provide major opportunities to venture capitalists and investors throughout the forecast period. The region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR of 14.8%, driven by significant developments by China and Japan towards incorporating new technologies in healthcare.\nKey market players\nThe key players analyzed in the report include Abcam plc., Illumina, QIAGEN N.V., Merck & Co., New England Biolabs, Inc., Sigma Aldrich Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Active Motif. Diagenode, Inc., and Zymo Research Corporation. They have adopted different strategies including collaborations, joint ventures, partnerships, expansions, mergers & acquisitions, and others to gain a strong position in the industry.\nAccess KNOWLEDGE TREE (Premium on demand, subscription based pricing model) at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/knowledgetree\nKnowledge tree is a cloud based intelligence platform that offers more than 2,000 selective, off the shelf reports on niche markets to enable our clients gain deep insights on the latest trends, dynamic technologies, and emerging application areas.\nSimilar Reports:\nSmall Animal Imaging (In Vivo) Market\nAbout Us\nAllied Market Research (AMR) is a full service market research and business consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of \"Market Research Reports\" and \"Business Intelligence Solutions.\" AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain.\nWe are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry.\nContact:\n5933 NE Win Sivers Drive#205, Portland, OR 97220", "URL": "https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2019-02/46012023-epigenetics-market-projected-to-garner-dollar-1-321-mn-by-2023-at-13-1-cagr-says-amr-008.htm"}, {"Title": "VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) CFO Sells $3,956,066.59 in Stock", "Text": "VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) CFO Zane Rowe sold 22,579 shares of VMware stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $175.21, for a total value of $3,956,066.59. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 166,974 shares of the company's stock, valued at approximately $29,255,514.54. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link.\nZane Rowe also recently made the following trade(s):\nGet VMware alerts: On Tuesday, April 2nd, Zane Rowe sold 48,630 shares of VMware stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $183.25, for a total value of $8,911,447.50. Shares of VMW stock traded down $0.28 on Friday, reaching $169.18. 887,906 shares of the company's stock traded hands, compared to its average volume of 1,213,688. VMware, Inc. has a 12 month low of $129.33 and a 12 month high of $206.80. The company has a quick ratio of 0.97, a current ratio of 0.97 and a debt to equity ratio of 7.57. The company has a market capitalization of $69.23 billion, a P/E ratio of 34.32, a P/E/G ratio of 2.61 and a beta of 0.80. The company has a 50 day moving average of $179.20.\nVMware (NYSE:VMW) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 30th. The virtualization software provider reported $1.32 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts' consensus estimates of $0.90 by $0.42. VMware had a return on equity of 36.48% and a net margin of 21.50%. The business had revenue of $2.27 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.25 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.26 earnings per share. VMware's revenue for the quarter was up 12.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that VMware, Inc. will post 4.87 EPS for the current year.\nA number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of VMW. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY lifted its position in shares of VMware by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 5,467 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $750,000 after buying an additional 77 shares during the last quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC lifted its position in shares of VMware by 20.8% during the 1st quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC now owns 493 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $88,000 after purchasing an additional 85 shares during the last quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC lifted its position in shares of VMware by 26.2% during the 1st quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 458 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $83,000 after purchasing an additional 95 shares during the last quarter. Utah Retirement Systems lifted its position in shares of VMware by 0.8% during the 4th quarter. Utah Retirement Systems now owns 13,048 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $1,789,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Prudential PLC lifted its position in shares of VMware by 4.2% during the 4th quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 2,500 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $343,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 17.96% of the company's stock.\nSeveral analysts have weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded VMware from a \"hold\" rating to a \"sell\" rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 30th. BMO Capital Markets lifted their target price on VMware from $195.00 to $198.00 and gave the company an \"outperform\" rating in a research note on Friday, May 31st. KeyCorp lifted their target price on VMware from $192.00 to $206.00 and gave the company an \"overweight\" rating in a research note on Thursday, April 18th. Wedbush lifted their target price on VMware from $190.00 to $210.00 and gave the company an \"outperform\" rating in a research note on Thursday, April 11th. Finally, Morgan Stanley dropped their price objective on VMware from $192.00 to $190.00 and set an \"equal weight\" rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, May 31st. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of \"Hold\" and an average price target of $192.23.\nVMware Company Profile\nVMware, Inc provides software in the areas of hybrid cloud, multi cloud, modern applications, networking and security, and digital workspaces in the United States and internationally. The company offers compute products, including VMware vSphere, a data center platform, which enables users to deploy hypervisor, a layer of software that resides between the operating system and system hardware to enable compute virtualization; and cloud management products for businesses with automated operation, programmable provisioning, and application monitoring solutions.\nFeatured Story: No Load Funds\nReceive News & Ratings for VMware Daily analysts' ratings for VMware and related companies daily email newsletter.", "URL": "https://mayfieldrecorder.com/2019/07/08/vmware-inc-nysevmw-cfo-zane-rowe-sells-22579-shares-of-stock.html"}, {"Title": "BARCELONA, Spain, Nov. 05, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Today at", "Text": "BARCELONA, Spain, Nov. 05, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Today at VMworld 2019 Europe , VMware, Inc. (NYSE: VMW) announced VMware Cloud on AWS will be launching in the AWS EU (Stockholm) region, bringing the total number of available global regions in Europe to five and globally to 17 in just over two years. VMware also announced new capabilities for the company's flagship hybrid cloud service that will enable both customers and partners to drive greater value from the consistent infrastructure and operations delivered by VMware Cloud on AWS.\n\"Momentum for VMware Cloud on AWS continues as customers expand their adoption of our unique hybrid cloud service,\" said Mark Lohmeyer, senior vice president and general manager, cloud platform business unit, VMware. \"With total VMs up 9x, the number of partners with their VMware Cloud on AWS Competency up 3x, and the number of available ISV partner validated solutions up 3x in just the past year, we're now ready to launch our fifth region in EMEA in Stockholm. This will enable customers in the Nordics to adopt VMware Cloud on AWS as part of their cloud strategy. Our innovation engine also continues to deliver capabilities that set VMware Cloud on AWS apart. Customers will now be able to migrate and modernize their applications with integrated Kubernetes support.\"\nModernizing Applications with Kubernetes on VMware Cloud on AWS\nOrganizations that want to run containers and Kubernetes on VMware Cloud on AWS can start today with VMware PKS. Combined with VMware Cloud on AWS, customers can quickly create and scale their Kubernetes clusters. In addition, they can minimize disruptions to applications by easily rolling back any incompatible updates. With additional support from VMware's expert Kubernetes Architect Team, customers can architect and deploy a Kubernetes platform that is customized to their needs, and ready their in house team to operate a cloud native infrastructure. In the future, VMware Cloud on AWS customers will also be able to leverage Project Pacific, which will transform VMware vSphere into a Kubernetes native platform.\nMigrating Any Application to VMware Cloud on AWS Leads to Lower Total Costs\nOrganizations use VMware Cloud on AWS to support business growth, drive digital transformation, improve development cycles and optimize costs. A critical path to adoption is addressing challenges that increase migration time, cost and risk. With capabilities such as VMware HCX, VMware vMotion, L2 Stretched networks and VMware NSX / AWS Direct Connect integration, VMware addresses customers' migration requirements. VMware will add the following new VMware HCX cloud migration capabilities:\nOS Assisted Migration: Ability to migrate non vSphere workloads such as applications running in RedHat OpenStack/KVM, and Microsoft Hyper V environments to VMware Cloud on AWS. This will provide customers a simple path to rebalance and re platform workloads to a VMware Cloud on AWS. VMware HCX cross SDDC (Region to Region) and inter cloud migration: Capability will enable push button migration and extension of networks and interconnectivity between VMware Cloud on AWS SDDC running in different AWS Regions, something previously not possible. By providing the ability to extend networks between regions, customers can make their policies and configurations more consistent. This capability will also enable customers with the choice to connect and move workloads between other VMware based clouds and VMware Cloud on AWS. A Total Economic Impact (TEI) study (1) commissioned by VMware and conducted by Forrester Consulting showed a composite organization saved 59 percent of operational costs in the cloud, versus the equivalent capacity on premises. Additionally, the following risk adjusted present value quantified benefits are representative of those experienced by the companies interviewed:\nAvoided application redesign, totaling savings of $2.7M Reduced labor hours for operations, saving $1.2M Reduction in data center operating costs, totaling $1.4M Software and hardware savings of $3.2M Download and read the full study here.\nNew Multi Tenancy Capabilities for Managed Service Providers\nVMware Cloud Director service is a new solution that will enable VMware Cloud on AWS managed service providers (MSPs) to better address the requirements of small and medium sized businesses. VMware Cloud Director brings the proven multi tenant capabilities of VMware vCloud Director to VMware Cloud on AWS, allowing MSPs to share VMware Cloud on AWS instances and the overall costs, across multiple tenants. VMware Cloud Director service will provide cross site networking capabilities with existing vCloud Director infrastructures thereby creating a hyper distributed provider management plane. Cloud providers will have the ability to slice and dice VMware Cloud on AWS SDDC resources, and have fine grained control of resource allocation and consumption. Cloud providers will also be able to offer customers with a custom branded user experience.\nVMware Cloud on AWS Customer Stories\nWilliam Hill plc is one of the world's leading betting and gaming companies. \"Cloud is at the heart of our business; it's the only way we can transform and achieve our business objectives. We have a two year plan to move all applications to the public cloud,\" said Sarah Lucas, head of platforms and infrastructure, William Hill. \"VMware Cloud on AWS provides William Hill with a more secure and agile hybrid cloud platform built on consistent infrastructure and operations. With VMware Cloud on AWS, William Hill is migrating workloads quickly with no refactoring, allowing us to meet our data center evacuation and cloud migration timelines. The speed of migrations, and the operational efficiency we have gained by leveraging our existing VMware processes, skills and tools allow us to more easily meet the dynamic capacity requirements of key sporting events like the Cheltenham Festival and the Grand National.\"\nThe UK Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) is the UK's biggest public service department, responsible for welfare, pensions and child maintenance policy. \"Three years ago, much of our IT was outsourced and we were suffering under monolithic contracts with 12 to 24 month delivery cycles, limited flexibility, and no control. We wanted to take back control of IT,\" said Steven Prescott Jones, OPH Lead Hybrid Cloud, DWP. \"VMware Cloud on AWS gives us complete control of a modern hybrid cloud environment, with consistent infrastructure and operations that empower us to place applications in the best possible environments, whether that's on premises or in the cloud. We can now take advantage of a genuine consumption based model where we're paying only for what we need, ensuring our platforms are now cost optimized, and we are lowering operational expenses through automated provisioning and streamlined management. Most importantly, our applications perform better for our users.\"\nRackspace is a leading VMware Cloud on AWS managed services provider and a Cloud Verified partner.\nLee James, CTO Rackspace EMEA said, \"Rackspace today offers a hybrid cloud services portfolio that allows customers such as Metro Bank to offload the complexity of deploying, integrating and managing applications, and gives them the services needed to accelerate their IT modernization initiatives. Rackspace was one of the first managed service providers for VMware Cloud on AWS, and we've evolved our offering with VMware HCX based cloud migration services, managed Guest OS services and forthcoming managed external storage services. With these capabilities, Rackspace offers customers a hybrid interconnect to enable fast, simple and more secure application migration and portability across VMware based private clouds and VMware Cloud on AWS, increased storage scalability without the need to purchase additional hosts, and access to Fanatical Experience for operating systems on customer VMs.\"\nAbout VMware Cloud on AWS\nVMware Cloud on AWS is a jointly engineered service that brings VMware's enterprise class software defined data center capabilities to Amazon Web Services (AWS), with optimized access to AWS services. The service offers fast cloud migration, powered by VMware HCX and vMotion combined with consistent hybrid cloud infrastructure and operations. Once applications are migrated, customers can extend the capabilities of these applications through integration of native AWS services, such as Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS), and Amazon SageMaker. In the future, through innovative technology such as Bitfusion and partnerships with industry leaders such as NVIDIA, customers will be able to enrich existing applications and power modern enterprise applications, including AI, machine learning, and data analytics workflows, through best in class GPU acceleration services.\nAvailability\nThe following capabilities are expected to be available in VMware Q4 FY20 ending January 31, 2020: VMware Cloud on AWS availability in AWS EU (Stockholm) Region, VMware PKS with VMware Cloud on AWS, HCX OS Assisted Migration, HCX cross SDDC and inter cloud migration. VMware Cloud Director service is expected to be in beta in Q4 FY20 (2).\nFindings based on three year, risk adjusted results for a composite organization created for The Total Economic Impact Of VMware Cloud On AWS, an August 2019 commissioned study conducted by Forrester Consulting on behalf of VMware. There is no commitment or obligation that beta features will become generally available. For information on all news announcements issued at VMworld 2019 Europe, please visit the Online Press Kit.\nNews at VMworld Europe\nRead an overview of today's news by Joe Baguley, Vice President & Chief Technology Officer, EMEA, VMware: A More Secure, Modern Enterprise Takes Center Stage at VMworld 2019 Europe VMware Advances VMware Tanzu Portfolio to Accelerate Adoption of Kubernetes in the Enterprise VMware Announces New Security Solutions to Bring Intrinsic Security to the Modern Distributed Enterprise VMware Workspace ONE Delivers Day Zero Employee Experiences, Enabling IT and HR to Accelerate New Hire Time to Productivity VMware Unveils Project Maestro, A Telco Cloud Orchestrator, To Help CSPs Accelerate Multi Cloud Operational Agility VMware Expands Reach of VMware Cloud on AWS for Cloud Providers and MSPs with VMware Cloud Director Service VMware SD WAN Delivers a Comprehensive Secure Access Services Edge VMware and Microsoft Continue to Partner to Deliver Greater Impact to Customers Across Client, Cloud and Data Initiatives About VMware\nVMware software powers the world's complex digital infrastructure. The company's cloud, networking and security, and digital workspace offerings provide a dynamic and efficient digital foundation to customers globally, aided by an extensive ecosystem of partners. Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, VMware is committed to being a force for good, from its breakthrough innovations to its global impact. For more information, please visit https://www.vmware.com/company.html.\nVMware, VMware Cloud, HCX, vMotion, vSphere, VMware PKS, Project Pacific, and vCloud Director are registered trademarks or trademarks of VMware, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other jurisdictions. This article may contain hyperlinks to non VMware websites that are created and maintained by third parties who are solely responsible for the content on such websites.\nMedia Contacts\nRoger T. Fortier\nVMware Global Communications\n+1 408 348 1569\nrfortier@vmware.com\nEmily Mullen\nArchetype for VMware\n+1 212 331 8422\nemily.mullen@archetype.co", "URL": "https://www.stockwatch.com/News/Item.aspx?bid=U-z7752308-U:VMW-20191105&symbol=VMW&region=U"}, {"Title": "VMware Cloud On AWS Helps Customers Across Europe Migrate and Modernize Applications", "Text": "VMware Adds AWS EU (Stockholm) Region, New Cloud Migration and Kubernetes Capabilities for Enterprises and Multi tenancy Capabilities for Managed Service Providers BARCELONA, Spain, Nov. 05, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Today at VMworld 2019 Europe , VMware, Inc. (: VMW) announced VMware Cloud on AWS will be launching in the AWS EU (Stockholm) region, bringing the total number of available global regions in Europe to five and globally to 17 in just over two years. VMware also announced new capabilities for the company's flagship hybrid cloud service that will enable both customers and partners to drive greater value from the consistent infrastructure and operations delivered by VMware Cloud on AWS.\n\"Momentum for VMware Cloud on AWS continues as customers expand their adoption of our unique hybrid cloud service,\" said Mark Lohmeyer, senior vice president and general manager, cloud platform business unit, VMware. \"With total VMs up 9x, the number of partners with their VMware Cloud on AWS Competency up 3x, and the number of available ISV partner validated solutions up 3x in just the past year, we're now ready to launch our fifth region in EMEA in Stockholm. This will enable customers in the Nordics to adopt VMware Cloud on AWS as part of their cloud strategy. Our innovation engine also continues to deliver capabilities that set VMware Cloud on AWS apart. Customers will now be able to migrate and modernize their applications with integrated Kubernetes support.\"\nWarning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Signs with VMW. Click here to check it out. VMW VMW VMW Modernizing Applications with Kubernetes on VMware Cloud on AWS\nOrganizations that want to run containers and Kubernetes on VMware Cloud on AWS can start today with VMware PKS. Combined with VMware Cloud on AWS, customers can quickly create and scale their Kubernetes clusters. In addition, they can minimize disruptions to applications by easily rolling back any incompatible updates. With additional support from VMware's expert Kubernetes Architect Team, customers can architect and deploy a Kubernetes platform that is customized to their needs, and ready their in house team to operate a cloud native infrastructure. In the future, VMware Cloud on AWS customers will also be able to leverage Project Pacific, which will transform VMware vSphere into a Kubernetes native platform.\nMigrating Any Application to VMware Cloud on AWS Leads to Lower Total Costs\nOrganizations use VMware Cloud on AWS to support business growth, drive digital transformation, improve development cycles and optimize costs. A critical path to adoption is addressing challenges that increase migration time, cost and risk. With capabilities such as VMware HCX, VMware vMotion, L2 Stretched networks and VMware NSX / AWS Direct Connect integration, VMware addresses customers' migration requirements. VMware will add the following new VMware HCX cloud migration capabilities:\nOS Assisted Migration: Ability to migrate non vSphere workloads such as applications running in RedHat OpenStack/KVM, and Microsoft Hyper V environments to VMware Cloud on AWS. This will provide customers a simple path to rebalance and re platform workloads to a VMware Cloud on AWS. VMware HCX cross SDDC (Region to Region) and inter cloud migration: Capability will enable push button migration and extension of networks and interconnectivity between VMware Cloud on AWS SDDC running in different AWS Regions, something previously not possible. By providing the ability to extend networks between regions, customers can make their policies and configurations more consistent. This capability will also enable customers with the choice to connect and move workloads between other VMware based clouds and VMware Cloud on AWS. A Total Economic Impact (TEI) study (1) commissioned by VMware and conducted by Forrester Consulting showed a composite organization saved 59 percent of operational costs in the cloud, versus the equivalent capacity on premises. Additionally, the following risk adjusted present value quantified benefits are representative of those experienced by the companies interviewed:\nAvoided application redesign, totaling savings of $2.7M Reduced labor hours for operations, saving $1.2M Reduction in data center operating costs, totaling $1.4M Software and hardware savings of $3.2M Download and read the full study here.\nNew Multi Tenancy Capabilities for Managed Service Providers\nVMware Cloud Director service is a new solution that will enable VMware Cloud on AWS managed service providers (MSPs) to better address the requirements of small and medium sized businesses. VMware Cloud Director brings the proven multi tenant capabilities of VMware vCloud Director to VMware Cloud on AWS, allowing MSPs to share VMware Cloud on AWS instances and the overall costs, across multiple tenants. VMware Cloud Director service will provide cross site networking capabilities with existing vCloud Director infrastructures thereby creating a hyper distributed provider management plane. Cloud providers will have the ability to slice and dice VMware Cloud on AWS SDDC resources, and have fine grained control of resource allocation and consumption. Cloud providers will also be able to offer customers with a custom branded user experience.\nVMware Cloud on AWS Customer Stories\nWilliam Hill plc is one of the world's leading betting and gaming companies. \"Cloud is at the heart of our business; it's the only way we can transform and achieve our business objectives. We have a two year plan to move all applications to the public cloud,\" said Sarah Lucas, head of platforms and infrastructure, William Hill. \"VMware Cloud on AWS provides William Hill with a more secure and agile hybrid cloud platform built on consistent infrastructure and operations. With VMware Cloud on AWS, William Hill is migrating workloads quickly with no refactoring, allowing us to meet our data center evacuation and cloud migration timelines. The speed of migrations, and the operational efficiency we have gained by leveraging our existing VMware processes, skills and tools allow us to more easily meet the dynamic capacity requirements of key sporting events like the Cheltenham Festival and the Grand National.\"\nThe UK Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) is the UK's biggest public service department, responsible for welfare, pensions and child maintenance policy. \"Three years ago, much of our IT was outsourced and we were suffering under monolithic contracts with 12 to 24 month delivery cycles, limited flexibility, and no control. We wanted to take back control of IT,\" said Steven Prescott Jones, OPH Lead Hybrid Cloud, DWP. \"VMware Cloud on AWS gives us complete control of a modern hybrid cloud environment, with consistent infrastructure and operations that empower us to place applications in the best possible environments, whether that's on premises or in the cloud. We can now take advantage of a genuine consumption based model where we're paying only for what we need, ensuring our platforms are now cost optimized, and we are lowering operational expenses through automated provisioning and streamlined management. Most importantly, our applications perform better for our users.\"\nRackspace is a leading VMware Cloud on AWS managed services provider and a Cloud Verified partner.\nLee James, CTO Rackspace EMEA said, \"Rackspace today offers a hybrid cloud services portfolio that allows customers such as Metro Bank to offload the complexity of deploying, integrating and managing applications, and gives them the services needed to accelerate their IT modernization initiatives. Rackspace was one of the first managed service providers for VMware Cloud on AWS, and we've evolved our offering with VMware HCX based cloud migration services, managed Guest OS services and forthcoming managed external storage services. With these capabilities, Rackspace offers customers a hybrid interconnect to enable fast, simple and more secure application migration and portability across VMware based private clouds and VMware Cloud on AWS, increased storage scalability without the need to purchase additional hosts, and access to Fanatical Experience for operating systems on customer VMs.\"\nAbout VMware Cloud on AWS\nVMware Cloud on AWS is a jointly engineered service that brings VMware's enterprise class software defined data center capabilities to Amazon Web Services (AWS), with optimized access to AWS services. The service offers fast cloud migration, powered by VMware HCX and vMotion combined with consistent hybrid cloud infrastructure and operations. Once applications are migrated, customers can extend the capabilities of these applications through integration of native AWS services, such as Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS), and Amazon SageMaker. In the future, through innovative technology such as Bitfusion and partnerships with industry leaders such as NVIDIA, customers will be able to enrich existing applications and power modern enterprise applications, including AI, machine learning, and data analytics workflows, through best in class GPU acceleration services.\nAvailability\nThe following capabilities are expected to be available in VMware Q4 FY20 ending January 31, 2020: VMware Cloud on AWS availability in AWS EU (Stockholm) Region, VMware PKS with VMware Cloud on AWS, HCX OS Assisted Migration, HCX cross SDDC and inter cloud migration. VMware Cloud Director service is expected to be in beta in Q4 FY20 (2).\nFindings based on three year, risk adjusted results for a composite organization created for The Total Economic Impact Of VMware Cloud On AWS, an August 2019 commissioned study conducted by Forrester Consulting on behalf of VMware. There is no commitment or obligation that beta features will become generally available. For information on all news announcements issued at VMworld 2019 Europe, please visit the Online Press Kit.\nNews at VMworld Europe\nRead an overview of today's news by Joe Baguley, Vice President & Chief Technology Officer, EMEA, VMware: A More Secure, Modern Enterprise Takes Center Stage at VMworld 2019 Europe VMware Advances VMware Tanzu Portfolio to Accelerate Adoption of Kubernetes in the Enterprise VMware Announces New Security Solutions to Bring Intrinsic Security to the Modern Distributed Enterprise VMware Workspace ONE Delivers Day Zero Employee Experiences, Enabling IT and HR to Accelerate New Hire Time to Productivity VMware Unveils Project Maestro, A Telco Cloud Orchestrator, To Help CSPs Accelerate Multi Cloud Operational Agility VMware Expands Reach of VMware Cloud on AWS for Cloud Providers and MSPs with VMware Cloud Director Service VMware SD WAN Delivers a Comprehensive Secure Access Services Edge VMware and Microsoft Continue to Partner to Deliver Greater Impact to Customers Across Client, Cloud and Data Initiatives About VMware\nVMware software powers the world's complex digital infrastructure. The company's cloud, networking and security, and digital workspace offerings provide a dynamic and efficient digital foundation to customers globally, aided by an extensive ecosystem of partners. Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, VMware is committed to being a force for good, from its breakthrough innovations to its global impact. For more information, please visit https://www.vmware.com/company.html.\nVMware, VMware Cloud, HCX, vMotion, vSphere, VMware PKS, Project Pacific, and vCloud Director are registered trademarks or trademarks of VMware, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other jurisdictions. This article may contain hyperlinks to non VMware websites that are created and maintained by third parties who are solely responsible for the content on such websites.\nMedia Contacts\nRoger T. Fortier\nVMware Global Communications\n+1 408 348 1569\n[email protected]\nEmily Mullen\nArchetype for VMware\n+1 212 331 8422\n[email protected]", "URL": "https://www.gurufocus.com/news/976211/vmware-cloud-on-aws-helps-customers-across-europe-migrate-and-modernize-applications"}, {"Title": "Epigenetics Market Projected to Garner $1,321 Mn by 2023 at 13.1", "Text": "SOURCE Allied Market Research\nRapid advancements in gene technology, rise in genome mapping programs globally, and increase in occurrence of cancer and other infectious diseases are expected to propel the growth of the global epigenetics market.\nPORTLAND, Oregon , Feb. 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ Allied Market Research published a report, titled, \" Epigenetics Market by Product [Enzymes (DNA Ligases, DNA Polymerases, Other DNA modifying Enzymes), Kits & Assays (Bisulfite Conversion Kits, Chip Seq Kits, Deep Sequencing Kits, Methyltransferase Assays, Histone Assays, Immunoprecipitation Kits), Instruments (Mass Spectrometers, Next generation Sequencers, qPCRs, and Sonicators), and Reagents (Antibodies, Buffers, Histones, Magnetic Beads, Primers, and Other Epigenetics Reagents)], Application (Oncology and Non oncology Diseases, Developmental Biology, Drug Discovery, and Others), and End User [Academic & Research Institutes, Pharmaceutical Companies, Biotechnology Companies, and Contract Research Organizations (CROs)] Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2017 2023. According to the report, the global epigenetics market was valued at $630 million in 2017 and is expected to reach $1,321 million by 2023, registering a CAGR of 13.1% during the forecast period.\nThe surge in prevalence of cancer and other infectious diseases, increase in genome mapping programs worldwide, and advancements in gene technology drive the growth of the global epigenetics market. However, standardization concerns over epigenetic based diagnostics and lack of skilled professionals in this field restrict market growth. Nonetheless, rise in awareness regarding epigenetics in emerging economies would create lucrative opportunities for new market players in the near future.\nRequest Sample Report at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request sample/846\nInstruments in epigenetics are projected to grow at the fastest rate\nBased on product, the instruments segment is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR of 14.9% during the forecast period, supplemented by the increasing use of instruments in the analytical and life science industry. However, the kits & assays segment occupied more than one third of the global market in 2016 and is expected to continue its dominance throughout 2023.\nOncology to remain the dominant segment through 2023\nBy application, the oncology segment is expected to garner almost two thirds of the global market from 2017 to 2023, owing to the growing trend of biomarker research and the rise in the development of anticancer therapies. However, the non oncology segment is projected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period, owing to the effectiveness of epigenetic therapies in treating metabolic, inflammatory, and cardiovascular diseases.\nFor Purchase Enquiry: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/purchase enquiry/846\nAcademic & government research institutes are expected to dominate the market\nBased on end user, academic & government research institutes is anticipated to remain the dominant segment throughout the forecast period owing to rise in demand for extraction services, library preparation, methylation services, and clinical grade targeted sequencing among researchers and scientists. However, the biotechnology companies segment is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR of 13.7% from 2017 to 2023.\nAsia Pacific to encounter the highest growth in the near future\nAs the markets in developed countries are almost saturated, Asia Pacific is projected to provide major opportunities to venture capitalists and investors throughout the forecast period. The region is expected to grow at the highest CAGR of 14.8%, driven by significant developments by China and Japan towards incorporating new technologies in healthcare.\nKey market players\nThe key players analyzed in the report include Abcam plc., Illumina, QIAGEN N.V., Merck & Co., New England Biolabs, Inc., Sigma Aldrich Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Active Motif. Diagenode, Inc., and Zymo Research Corporation. They have adopted different strategies including collaborations, joint ventures, partnerships, expansions, mergers & acquisitions, and others to gain a strong position in the industry.\nAccess KNOWLEDGE TREE (Premium on demand, subscription based pricing model) at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/knowledgetree\nKnowledge tree is a cloud based intelligence platform that offers more than 2,000 selective, off the shelf reports on niche markets to enable our clients gain deep insights on the latest trends, dynamic technologies, and emerging application areas.\nSimilar Reports:\nRNA Sequencing Market\nSmall Animal Imaging (In Vivo) Market\nAbout Us\nAllied Market Research (AMR) is a full service market research and business consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of \"Market Research Reports\" and \"Business Intelligence Solutions.\" AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain.\nWe are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry.\nContact:\nDavid Correa\n5933 NE Win Sivers Drive\n#205, Portland, OR 97220\nUnited States\nUSA /Canada (Toll Free):\n+1 800 792 5285, +1 503 894 6022, +1 503 446 1141\nUK: +44 845 528 1300\nHong Kong : +852 301 84916\nIndia ( Pune ): +91 20 66346060\nFax: +1(855)550 5975\nhelp@alliedmarketresearch.com\nWeb: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com\nView original content: http://www.prnewswire.com/news releases/epigenetics market projected to garner 1 321 mn by 2023 at 13 1 cagr says amr 300798779.html", "URL": "http://www.mylubbocktv.com/story/39993659/epigenetics-market-projected-to-garner-1321-mn-by-2023-at-131-cagr-says-amr"}, {"Title": "VMware (VMW) Shares Gap Down Following Analyst Downgrade", "Text": "VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) gapped down before the market opened on Monday after Morgan Stanley lowered their price target on the stock from $192.00 to $190.00. The stock had previously closed at $175.67, but opened at $176.98. Morgan Stanley currently has an equal weight rating on the stock. VMware shares last traded at $170.64, with a volume of 58621 shares.\nA number of other equities research analysts have also recently commented on the company. Raymond James lifted their price objective on VMware from $196.00 to $206.00 and gave the stock an \"outperform\" rating in a research note on Friday. KeyCorp reaffirmed an \"overweight\" rating and set a $214.00 price objective (up from $206.00) on shares of VMware in a research note on Friday. Bank of America reissued a \"buy\" rating and issued a $225.00 target price on shares of VMware in a research note on Friday. Wedbush reissued a \"buy\" rating and issued a $210.00 target price on shares of VMware in a research note on Friday. Finally, Jefferies Financial Group boosted their target price on VMware from $203.00 to $213.00 and gave the company a \"buy\" rating in a research note on Friday. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of \"Buy\" and an average price target of $194.50.\nGet VMware alerts: In other news, CEO Patrick P. Gelsinger sold 20,000 shares of the business's stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $203.89, for a total value of $4,077,800.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 448,888 shares in the company, valued at $91,523,774.32. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, COO Rajiv Ramaswami sold 14,862 shares of the business's stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $200.36, for a total value of $2,977,750.32. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 234,273 shares in the company, valued at $46,938,938.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 294,810 shares of company stock valued at $54,382,319. Insiders own 28.80% of the company's stock.\nSeveral institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY lifted its holdings in shares of VMware by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 5,467 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $750,000 after purchasing an additional 77 shares in the last quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC lifted its holdings in shares of VMware by 20.8% in the first quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC now owns 493 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $88,000 after purchasing an additional 85 shares in the last quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC raised its holdings in VMware by 26.2% during the first quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 458 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $83,000 after acquiring an additional 95 shares in the last quarter. Utah Retirement Systems raised its holdings in VMware by 0.8% during the fourth quarter. Utah Retirement Systems now owns 13,048 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $1,789,000 after acquiring an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential PLC raised its holdings in VMware by 4.2% during the fourth quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 2,500 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock worth $343,000 after acquiring an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 17.90% of the company's stock.\nThe firm $72.64 billion, a PE ratio of 34.54, a PEG ratio of 2.72 and a beta of 0.90. The company has a debt to equity ratio of 7.70, a current ratio of 0.99 and a quick ratio of 0.99.\nVMware (NYSE:VMW) last released its earnings results on Thursday, May 30th. The virtualization software provider reported $1.32 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.90 by $0.42. VMware had a return on equity of 28.06% and a net margin of 21.50%. The business had revenue of $2.27 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.25 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.26 earnings per share. VMware's revenue was up 12.8% on a year over year basis. Equities analysts expect that VMware, Inc. will post 4.87 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.\nTRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first published by Transcript Daily and is owned by of Transcript Daily. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at https://transcriptdaily.com/2019/06/03/vmware vmw shares gap down following analyst downgrade.html.\nAbout VMware ( NYSE:VMW )\nVMware, Inc provides software in the areas of hybrid cloud, multi cloud, modern applications, networking and security, and digital workspaces in the United States and internationally. The company offers compute products, including VMware vSphere, a data center platform, which enables users to deploy hypervisor, a layer of software that resides between the operating system and system hardware to enable compute virtualization; and cloud management products for businesses with automated operation, programmable provisioning, and application monitoring solutions.\nRead More: Risk Tolerance and Your Investment Decisions\nReceive News & Ratings for VMware analysts' ratings for VMware and related companies daily email newsletter.", "URL": "https://transcriptdaily.com/2019/06/03/vmware-vmw-shares-gap-down-following-analyst-downgrade.html"}, {"Title": "Clearbridge Investments LLC Acquires 67,177 Shares of VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW)", "Text": "Clearbridge Investments LLC boosted its holdings in shares of VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW) by 3.2% in the 1st quarter, according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 2,149,355 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock after purchasing an additional 67,177 shares during the period. Clearbridge Investments LLC owned approximately 0.53% of VMware worth $387,980,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.\nA number of other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY lifted its stake in VMware by 1.4% during the fourth quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 5,467 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $750,000 after purchasing an additional 77 shares during the last quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC lifted its position in shares of VMware by 20.8% in the 1st quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC now owns 493 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $88,000 after acquiring an additional 85 shares in the last quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC lifted its position in shares of VMware by 26.2% in the 1st quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 458 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $83,000 after acquiring an additional 95 shares in the last quarter. Utah Retirement Systems lifted its position in shares of VMware by 0.8% in the 4th quarter. Utah Retirement Systems now owns 13,048 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $1,789,000 after acquiring an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential PLC lifted its position in shares of VMware by 4.2% in the 4th quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 2,500 shares of the virtualization software provider's stock valued at $343,000 after acquiring an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. 17.90% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Get VMware alerts:\nIn other VMware news, CFO Zane Rowe sold 22,579 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $175.21, for a total value of $3,956,066.59. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 166,974 shares in the company, valued at approximately $29,255,514.54. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider P. Kevan Krysler sold 2,661 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, June 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $173.96, for a total transaction of $462,907.56. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 34,774 shares of the company's stock, valued at approximately $6,049,285.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 265,383 shares of company stock valued at $48,853,082. Insiders own 28.80% of the company's stock.\nVMW has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Morgan Stanley reduced their price target on shares of VMware from $192.00 to $190.00 and set an \"equal weight\" rating for the company in a research report on Friday, May 31st. Oppenheimer upped their price target on shares of VMware from $200.00 to $220.00 and gave the company an \"outperform\" rating in a research report on Monday, April 29th. Goldman Sachs Group downgraded shares of VMware from a \"neutral\" rating to a \"sell\" rating and set a $177.00 price target for the company. in a research report on Wednesday, March 6th. Nomura set a $130.00 price target on shares of VMware and gave the company a \"sell\" rating in a research report on Friday, March 1st. Finally, BMO Capital Markets upped their price target on shares of VMware from $195.00 to $198.00 and gave the company an \"outperform\" rating in a research report on Friday, May 31st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and fourteen have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of \"Hold\" and a consensus target price of $192.23.\nVMW stock opened at $166.87 on Tuesday. VMware, Inc. has a 12 month low of $129.33 and a 12 month high of $206.80. The company has a current ratio of 0.97, a quick ratio of 0.97 and a debt to equity ratio of 7.57. The stock has a market cap of $69.02 billion, a P/E ratio of 33.85, a price to earnings growth ratio of 2.60 and a beta of 0.90. The business has a 50 day moving average of $189.67.\nVMware (NYSE:VMW) last released its earnings results on Thursday, May 30th. The virtualization software provider reported $1.32 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts' consensus estimates of $0.90 by $0.42. VMware had a net margin of 21.50% and a return on equity of 36.48%. The company had revenue of $2.27 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.25 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.26 EPS. The company's revenue was up 12.8% compared to the same quarter last year. As a group, analysts expect that VMware, Inc. will post 4.87 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: \"Clearbridge Investments LLC Acquires 67,177 Shares of VMware, Inc. (NYSE:VMW)\" was originally reported by American Banking News and is the sole property of of American Banking News. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.americanbankingnews.com/2019/06/18/clearbridge investments llc acquires 67177 shares of vmware inc nysevmw.html.\nAbout VMware\nVMware, Inc provides software in the areas of hybrid cloud, multi cloud, modern applications, networking and security, and digital workspaces in the United States and internationally. The company offers compute products, including VMware vSphere, a data center platform, which enables users to deploy hypervisor, a layer of software that resides between the operating system and system hardware to enable compute virtualization; and cloud management products for businesses with automated operation, programmable provisioning, and application monitoring solutions. VMware VMware", "URL": "https://www.americanbankingnews.com/2019/06/18/clearbridge-investments-llc-acquires-67177-shares-of-vmware-inc-nysevmw.html"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}, {"client": "ABI SAB GROUP HOLDING LIMITED", "industry": "Consumer Products", "segment": "Enterprise", "lastUpdated": "1/06/20", "vendors": [{"vendor": "Oracle Corporation", "intensity": 17.0, "score": 25794, "relationshipStrength": "Good", "news": [{"Title": "Global Cloud-Based Payroll Software Market Anticipated for Progressive CAGR Growth During to 2024", "Text": "Global Cloud Based Payroll Software market report announced the industry principles: definitions, classes, market and applications review; commodity specifications; procedures; cost arrangements, garbage and so forth. Cloud Based BriefingWire.com , 11/05/2019 Global Cloud Based Payroll Software market 2019 report profit smartly substantial competitor info, investigation, and tips to invent effective RD plans and identify emerging players with the potentially robust solution portfolio and make effective Cloud Based Payroll Software counter strategies to acquire a competitive edge. The report explains potential new customers or spouses at the target market, develop tactical efforts by understanding the attention Cloud Based Payroll Software aspects of leading businesses, plan mergers and acquisitions effortlessly by pinpointing key players.\nGlobal Cloud Based Payroll Software market report announced the industry principles: definitions, classes, market and applications review; commodity specifications; procedures; cost arrangements, garbage and so forth.\nGet Free Sample Report PDF Of The Report @ http://futuristicreports.com/report/request sample/1550\nCloud Based Payroll Software market Segmentations:\nMajor Important Players are analyzed from the Global Cloud Based Payroll Software Industry Report:\nCriterion Software, Zenefits Software, Paycom Software Inc., BambooHR Software, Kronos Incorporated, Sage HRMS Software, FinancialForce Software, Ascentis HR Software, ADP Inc., Vibe HCM Software, PDS Vista HRMS, Oracle Corporation, Iris Software Group Limited\nSegmentation by type:", "URL": "https://www.briefingwire.com/pr/global-cloud-based-payroll-software-market-anticipated-for-progressive-cagr-growth-during-to-2024"}, {"Title": "Latest Updates in Global Hybrid Cloud Market with Various Types of Analysis and Forecast By 2028", "Text": "A brand new market intelligence report by marketresearch.biz on title \"Global Hybrid Cloud Market Insights and Forecast to 2028\". The Hybrid Cloud industry research report studies the Hybrid Cloud trade extensively w.r.t company definition, Hybrid Cloud market methods, growth factors, challenges and latest developments in Hybrid Cloud market across the world. The Hybrid Cloud Report conjointly verify the market conditions together with the product value, specification, research methodologies, money and technical details which is able to facilitate to expand the Hybrid Cloud market operations. The Hybrid Cloud research study offers in detail summary of target market along side the market standing, market share, drivers, Hybrid Cloud market future trends, opportunities and challenges, market trade risks and entry barriers, market competition landscape, distributors, Hybrid Cloud sales channels, and Porter's 5 Forces Analysis. The report worldwide Hybrid Cloud market splits brands, type, application, and trade leading makers in uppermost regions. To Get Sample PDF Copy and Browse Full Report Details: https://marketresearch.biz/report/hybrid cloud market/request sample Global Hybrid Cloud Market 2019 covers following Leading Manufacturers:\nGlobal Hybrid Cloud market Manufacturers: International Business Machines Corporation Company, Microsoft Corporation, Cisco Systems Inc, Amazon Web Services Inc, Oracle Corporation, Google LLC, VMware Inc, Alibaba Group Holding Limited, Equinix Inc, Rackspace US Inc\nGlobal Hybrid Cloud market Segmentation:\nBy Component: Solution, Services. By Service Model: Infrastructure as a Service, Platform as a Service, Software as a Service. By Organization Size: Large enterprises, Small and medium sized enterprises. By Industry Vertical: Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance (BFSI), Telecommunications and Information Technology (IT), Healthcare and life sciences, Retail and consumer goods, Media and entertainment, Manufacturing, Government and public sector, Transportation and logistics, Others (travel and hospitality, and education),\nThis report consists of associate analysis of the research report estimate and validate the market size of Hybrid Cloud market, different totally different dependent Hybrid Cloud sub markets within the overall Hybrid Cloud trade by victimisation top down and bottom up approaches. The Secondary research has been wont to decide the key players in Hybrid Cloud market and market shares, rate and market future trends are discovered through primary and secondary research. The target of this report is to supply a whole study of market by analyzing totally different regions. Market 2019 Production/Consumption by Region: Europe", "URL": "https://dailyhover.com/global-hybrid-cloud-market-upcoming/"}, {"Title": "Public Cloud Storage Services Market: Scalable And Agile Environment For Businesses", "Text": "Public Cloud Storage Services Market: Scalable And Agile Environment For Businesses\nPublic Cloud Storage Services Market: Introduction\nPublic cloud storage services are cost effective and offer scalability, reliability and performance benefits. Using public cloud storage services lets organizations offload management tasks and the costs associated with supporting physical hardware to an external provider. An organization's data is stored in the provider's data center and the provider manages and maintains all facets of the data center, including power, cooling and server maintenance. As a result, organizations don't have to worry about archive planning, implementing security practices or conducting resource planning for future data growth.\nPublic cloud storage services are also cost effective; organizations pay only for the resources they use. Public cloud storage services provides a scalable and agile environment for businesses to increase or decrease storage on demand. Organizations use the public cloud to store both structured and unstructured data. Many applications that have made their way to the cloud \u2014 such as those that use back end databases or structured data \u2014 handle data from applications that tie directly into cloud database services. This type of cloud storage environment is appealing to companies that are either just starting out and don't want to purchase hardware or that are looking for scalable storage that doesn't require a large capital expenditure.\nPublic Cloud Storage Services Market: Drivers and Challenges\nFew of the major driving factors of public cloud storage services market are that the companies that are just starting out, need not worry about the expenses involved in maintaining their own data center. These companies can take public cloud storage services on rent from any of the providers of cloud storage services. In addition to this, the companies need to pay only as per their usage at the end of the month, once they have availed the cloud storage services, hence they don't need to invest beforehand. Also, customer can select the media type, volume size, and maximum IOPS and throughput per volume and per instance depending upon their requirement. Hence the public cloud storage services vendors offers flexibility in choosing a plan, which makes it easier for the customers/enterprises to avail services as per their requirement.\nGet accurate market forecast and analysis on the Public Cloud Storage Services Market Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market :\nhttps://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=26570\nPublic Cloud Storage Services Market: Key Market Players\nFew of the companies in Public Cloud Storage Services market are: Amazon Web Services, Alibaba Group Holding Limited, AT&T, Google, Inc., International Business Machines Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Verizon Enterprise and Rackspace Inc. These companies are focused towards innovating and enhancing their existing solutions in order to increase their market share in Public Cloud Storage Services market.\nThe report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications.", "URL": "http://www.webnewswire.com/2019/03/11/public-cloud-storage-services-market-scalable-and-agile-environment-for-businesses/"}, {"Title": "Has Amazon Leached All It Can From the Cloud?", "Text": "Stock Picks / Hot Stocks / Has Amazon Leached All It Can From the Cloud? Has Amazon Leached All It Can From the Cloud? The clould market is mature and the profits are rolling in By Dana Blankenhorn , InvestorPlace Contributor May 31, 2019, 12:00 pm EDT May 31, 2019\nTwo facts about the first quarter had some cloud mavens going \"hmmm?\" The first was the Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN ) quarter. Operating income from Amazon Web Services (AWS), its cloud, rose more than 50% year over year, from $1.4 billion to $2.2 billion. Growth slowed but profitability rose sharply.\nThe second was a press release from Synergy Research, which follows the cloud or \"hyperscale data center\" market. It showed that capital spending by all cloud providers fell 2% from a year ago.\nSpending for the last four quarters, at $116 billion, is still 22% ahead of that for the previous four quarters. Synergy called this a \"breather.\" It blamed Alphabet's (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) $2.4 billion purchase of Manhattan real estate for causing a one time \"blip\" in last year's numbers. Google's real estate purchases were lumped in with other capital spending.\nTake that out and we're fine. Don't panic. A Mature Market\nWhat the figures really show is that cloud is a mature market.\nThe leaders in that market, what I call the \"Cloud Czars,\" are established. You know their names: Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL ), Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT ), Amazon, Google and Facebook (NASDAQ: FB ). China has its own version of the Czars, Alibaba Group Holding (NASDAQ: BABA ), JD.Com (NASDAQ: JD ), Tencent Holdings (OTCMKTS: TCEHY ) and Baidu (NASDAQ: BIDU ).\nProfits are now rolling in from this investment. Any slowdown in investment is money for the bottom line. The bottom line for the Czars is about to get fat.\nBut companies that haven't achieved their cloud ambitions are only going to be handmaidens to the Czars. The door has slammed shut on International Business Machines (NYSE: IBM ) and Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL ), on AT&T (NYSE: T ) and Verizon Communications (NYSE: VZ ). These companies can't overcome the Czars' market cap until computing changes again in some fundamental way. An Analyst's View\nJohn Dinsdale, chief analyst and managing director of Synergy, says the basic cloud drivers haven't changed. The big profits are in leasing capacity. Cloud infrastructure revenues during the first half of 2019 were 42% higher than in the same period in 2018.\nThe exception to the growth story is in mobile communications, Apple's business, where service provider revenues seem to have topped out. Apple was the only one of the Czars that didn't increase capex at a double digit rate during the quarter. Search based advertising, e commerce, social networking and software as a service remain strong markets. Compare Brokers\nGrowth may appear to slow this year because of the law of large numbers, which is that big numbers grow more slowly than small numbers. Synergy counts 458 cloud data centers around the world today, with over 140 more in various stages of planning or construction.\n\"Do we have enough cloud capacity? I don't think that we're even close. There are certainly more efficiencies that could be squeezed out of existing infrastructure, though the hyperscalers have a pretty good track record of running lean and mean,\" Dinsdale added. The Bottom Line on AMZN\nThe 2010's have been the \"decade of cloud.\" For the clouds, every week has been \"Infrastructure Week.\"\nNow the decade is ending.\nClouds have transformed every industry, not just computing. Those companies that took the risk at the start of the decade, that seized the opportunity, created trillions of dollars of market cap for their investors.\nThe 2020's will be different. Clouds are becoming application platforms for huge jobs in biology and fighting climate change. Clouds will also create new opportunities at the network edge, automating daily life, providing intelligence in what are inanimate objects today.\n\"We are not going to see the 2018 capex growth rates again. Ever,\" Dinsdale concluded. \"But the demand for ever increasing hyperscale data center capacity is not going away.\"\nDana Blankenhorn is a financial and technology journalist. He is the author of a new environmental story, Bridget O'Flynn and the Bear , available now at the Amazon Kindle store. Write him at [email protected] or follow him on Twitter at @danablankenhorn. As of this writing he owned shares in MSFT, AMZN and AAPL.\n //investorplace.com/2019/05/has amazon leached all it can from the cloud/.", "URL": "https://investorplace.com/2019/05/has-amazon-leached-all-it-can-from-the-cloud/"}, {"Title": "$27.82 Bn Cloud POS Market to 2027 - Global Analysis and Forecasts by Component, Organizational Type, & End-user", "Text": "Dublin, May 20, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) The \"Cloud POS Market to 2027 Global Analysis and Forecasts by Component; Organizational Type; End user\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.\nThe global cloud POS market was valued at US$ 4.95 Bn in 2018 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 21.6% during the forecast period 2019 2027, and reach US$ 27.82 Bn in 2027.\nGlobal cloud POS market is majorly driven by increasing adoption of cloud technology across the industries and the increasing need for improved operations in the business. However, the rapidly changing nature of technology requiring consistent changes in POS hardware and software. Also, the proliferation of customized POS and surging 5G technology and mobile POS are expected to provide substantial growth opportunity to the key players in this market.\nNowadays vendors are integrating real time transactions with CRM solutions which result in increased sales and revenue of the business. Previous POS solutions were limited by offering basic data regarding customer behavior. POS/CRM integration makes it possible to see which customers are making the most significant impact on sales and whose loyalty is worth pursuing.\nFor instance, Revel Systems integrated its solution with an iPad POS solution with CRM. It enables the business to collect all types of customer data from POS transaction such as name, email, billing and shipping address, loyalty program membership details, and others. The software then helps businesses organize this information and synchronize and distribute it to different departments marketing, sales, customer service, and technical support to improve customer experience and acquisition.\nThe advanced technology is growing at a rapid pace owing to the surge in demand in the range of sectors such as retail, travel & tourism, healthcare, including others. The increasing demand for automation, artificial learning, data analysis, enhanced customer services are creating a significant need for cloud POS market. In a recent scenario, IoT is playing a significant role in transforming the entire POS ecosystem driven by more internet connected devices directly impacting global cloud POS market. The continuous development in infrastructure and improvement in cloud technology is expected to drive the market significantly.\nThe most prominent region in global cloud POS market in 2018 accounted for the Asia Pacific, followed by North America and Europe. South America, and Middle East & Africa held the fourth and fifth position in terms of market shares in cloud POS market. Also, Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The APAC region comprises a broad geographical footprint that embeds the large number of industrial and economic growth which foresee the huge application of cloud POS. However, only some of the developed countries such as China and Japan have already adopted cloud POS in various application sectors.\nThe major companies operating in the Cloud POS market globally includes Square, Inc., Intuit, Inc., Oracle Corporation, Shopify, Inc., Toast, Inc., Vend Limited, AccuPOS, Inc., Clover Network, Inc., LightSpeed POS Inc., and Loyverse POS among others.\nKey Topics Covered:\n1. Introduction\n2. Key Takeaways\n3. Research Methodology\n4. Cloud POS Market Landscape\n4.1 Market Overview\n4.2 Pest Analysis\n4.3 Ecosystem Analysis\n5. Cloud POS Market Key Industry Dynamics\n5.1 Driver\n5.1.1 Increasing Need For Enhanced Service Delivery\n5.1.2 Increasing Cashless Transaction\n5.2 Restraints\n5.2.1 Lack Of Supporting Infrastructure\n5.3 Opportunity\n5.3.1 Integration Of Advanced Technologies With Cloud POS Solution\n5.4 Future Trends\n5.4.1 Increasing Adoption Of Mobile POS\n5.5 Impact Analysis\n6. Cloud POS Global Market Analysis\n6.1 Global Cloud POS Market Overview\n6.2 Global Cloud POS Market Forecast And Analysis\n6.3 Market POSitioning/ Market Share\n7. Global Cloud POS Software Market Analysis By Component\n7.1 Overview\n7.2 Global Cloud POS Market Breakdown, By Component, 2018 & 2027\n7.3 Solution\n7.3.1 Overview\n7.3.2 Global Solution Revenue And Forecasts To 2027 (US$ Mn)\n7.4 Services\n7.4.1 Overview\n7.4.2 Global Services Market Revenue And Forecasts To 2027 (US$ Mn)\n7.4.3 Global Cloud POS Market Breakdown, By Service, 2018 & 2027\n7.4.3.1 Professional Services\n7.4.3.2 Managed Services\n8. Global Cloud POS Software Market Analysis By Organization Size\n8.1 Overview\n8.2 Global Cloud POS Market Breakdown, By Organization Size, 2018 & 2027\n8.3 SME\n8.4 Large Enterprise\n9. Global Cloud POS Market Analysis By End User\n9.1 Overview\n9.2 Global Cloud POS Market Breakdown, By End User, 2018 & 2027\n9.3 Retail & Consumer Goods\n9.4 Travel & Hospitality\n9.5 Media & Entertainment\n9.6 Transportation & Logistics\n9.7 Healthcare\n9.8 Others\n10. Cloud POS Market Geographical Analysis\n11. Industry Landscape\n11.1 Overview\n11.2 Market Initiative\n11.3 New Development\n11.4 Investment Scenario\n12. Company Profiles\nSquare, Inc. Intuit, Inc. Oracle Corporation Shopify, Inc. Toast, Inc. Vend Limited AccuPOS, Inc. Clover Network, Inc. LightSpeed POS Inc. Loyverse POS For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/jzbd34\nResearch and Markets also offers Custom Research services providing focused, comprehensive and tailored research.\nCONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com Laura Wood, Senior Press Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1 917 300 0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1 800 526 8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353 1 416 8900 Related Topics: Cloud Computing and Storage, Point of Sale Equipment", "URL": "https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/19/05/g13773667/27-82-bn-cloud-pos-market-to-2027-global-analysis-and-forecasts-by-component-organizational-type-e"}, {"Title": "$27.82 Bn Cloud POS Market to 2027 \u2013 Global Analysis and Forecasts by Component, Organizational Type, & End-user", "Text": "$27.82 Bn Cloud POS Market to 2027 \u2013 Global Analysis and Forecasts by Component, Organizational Type, & End user Posted on 05/20/2019 41\nDublin, May 20, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) \u2014 The \"Cloud POS Market to 2027 \u2013 Global Analysis and Forecasts by Component; Organizational Type; End user\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.\nThe global cloud POS market was valued at US$ 4.95 Bn in 2018 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 21.6% during the forecast period 2019 \u2013 2027, and reach US$ 27.82 Bn in 2027.\nGlobal cloud POS market is majorly driven by increasing adoption of cloud technology across the industries and the increasing need for improved operations in the business. However, the rapidly changing nature of technology requiring consistent changes in POS hardware and software. Also, the proliferation of customized POS and surging 5G technology and mobile POS are expected to provide substantial growth opportunity to the key players in this market.\nNowadays vendors are integrating real time transactions with CRM solutions which result in increased sales and revenue of the business. Previous POS solutions were limited by offering basic data regarding customer behavior. POS/CRM integration makes it possible to see which customers are making the most significant impact on sales and whose loyalty is worth pursuing.\nFor instance, Revel Systems integrated its solution with an iPad POS solution with CRM. It enables the business to collect all types of customer data from POS transaction such as name, email, billing and shipping address, loyalty program membership details, and others. The software then helps businesses organize this information and synchronize and distribute it to different departments \u2013 marketing, sales, customer service, and technical support \u2013 to improve customer experience and acquisition.\nThe advanced technology is growing at a rapid pace owing to the surge in demand in the range of sectors such as retail, travel & tourism, healthcare, including others. The increasing demand for automation, artificial learning, data analysis, enhanced customer services are creating a significant need for cloud POS market. In a recent scenario, IoT is playing a significant role in transforming the entire POS ecosystem driven by more internet connected devices directly impacting global cloud POS market. The continuous development in infrastructure and improvement in cloud technology is expected to drive the market significantly.\nThe most prominent region in global cloud POS market in 2018 accounted for the Asia Pacific, followed by North America and Europe. South America, and Middle East & Africa held the fourth and fifth position in terms of market shares in cloud POS market. Also, Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The APAC region comprises a broad geographical footprint that embeds the large number of industrial and economic growth which foresee the huge application of cloud POS. However, only some of the developed countries such as China and Japan have already adopted cloud POS in various application sectors.\nThe major companies operating in the Cloud POS market globally includes Square, Inc., Intuit, Inc., Oracle Corporation, Shopify, Inc., Toast, Inc., Vend Limited, AccuPOS, Inc., Clover Network, Inc., LightSpeed POS Inc., and Loyverse POS among others.\nKey Topics Covered:", "URL": "https://www.financialbuzz.com/27-82-bn-cloud-pos-market-to-2027-global-analysis-and-forecasts-by-component-organizational-type-end-user/"}, {"Title": "The $27+ Billion Cloud POS Market by 2027: Global Analysis & Forecasts by Component, Organizational Type, End-user - ResearchAndMarkets.com", "Text": "The $27+ Billion Cloud POS Market by 2027: Global Analysis & Forecasts by Component, Organizational Type, End user ResearchAndMarkets.com 3:25 am ACROFAN=Businesswire | webmaster@businesswire.com | SNS\nDUBLIN (BUSINESS WIRE) The \"The $27+ Billion Cloud POS Market by 2027: Global Analysis & Forecasts by Component, Organizational Type, End user\" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.\nThe global cloud POS market was valued at US$ 4.95 Bn in 2018 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 21.6% during the forecast period 2019 2027, and reach US$ 27.82 Bn in 2027.\nGlobal cloud POS market is majorly driven by increasing adoption of cloud technology across the industries and the increasing need for improved operations in the business. However, the rapidly changing nature of technology requiring consistent changes in POS hardware and software. Also, the proliferation of customized POS and surging 5G technology and mobile POS are expected to provide substantial growth opportunity to the key players in this market.\nNowadays vendors are integrating real time transactions with CRM solutions which result in increased sales and revenue of the business. Previous POS solutions were limited by offering basic data regarding customer behavior. POS/CRM integration makes it possible to see which customers are making the most significant impact on sales and whose loyalty is worth pursuing.\nFor instance, Revel Systems integrated its solution with an iPad POS solution with CRM. It enables the business to collect all types of customer data from POS transaction such as name, email, billing and shipping address, loyalty program membership details, and others. The software then helps businesses organize this information and synchronize and distribute it to different departments marketing, sales, customer service, and technical support to improve customer experience and acquisition.\nThe advanced technology is growing at a rapid pace owing to the surge in demand in the range of sectors such as retail, travel & tourism, healthcare, including others. The increasing demand for automation, artificial learning, data analysis, enhanced customer services are creating a significant need for cloud POS market. In a recent scenario, IoT is playing a significant role in transforming the entire POS ecosystem driven by more internet connected devices directly impacting global cloud POS market. The continuous development in infrastructure and improvement in cloud technology is expected to drive the market significantly.\nThe most prominent region in global cloud POS market in 2018 accounted for the Asia Pacific, followed by North America and Europe. South America, and Middle East & Africa held the fourth and fifth position in terms of market shares in cloud POS market. Also, Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The APAC region comprises a broad geographical footprint that embeds the large number of industrial and economic growth which foresee the huge application of cloud POS. However, only some of the developed countries such as China and Japan have already adopted cloud POS in various application sectors.\nThe major companies operating in the Cloud POS market globally includes Square, Inc., Intuit, Inc., Oracle Corporation, Shopify, Inc., Toast, Inc., Vend Limited, AccuPOS, Inc., Clover Network, Inc., LightSpeed POS Inc., and Loyverse POS among others.\nKey Topics Covered", "URL": "http://us.acrofan.com/detail.php?number=112497The_$27+_Billion_Cloud_POS_Market_by_2027:_Global_Analysis_&_Forecasts_by_Component,_Organizational_Type,_End-user_-_ResearchAndMarkets.com"}, {"Title": "Cloud POS Market 2019 Comprehensive Study -Square, Intuit, Oracle Corporation, Shopify, Inc., Toast, Vend, AccuPOS, Clover Network,", "Text": "The advanced technology is growing at a rapid pace owing to the surge in demand in the range of sectors such as retail, travel & tourism, healthcare, including others. The increasing demand for automation, artificial learning, data analysis, enhanced customer services are creating a significant demand for cloud POS market. In a recent scenario, IoT is playing a major role in transforming the entire POS ecosystem driven by more internet connected devices directly impacting global cloud POS market. The continuous development in infrastructure and improvement in cloud technology is expected to drive the market significantly. The most prominent region in global cloud POS market in 2018 accounted for Asia Pacific, followed by North America and Europe. South America, and Middle East & Africa held the fourth and fifth position in terms of market shares in cloud POS market. Also, Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The APAC region comprises a broad geographical footprint that embeds the large number of industrial and economic growth which foresee huge application of cloud POS. However, only some of the developed countries such as China and Japan have already adopted cloud POS in various application sectors.\nRequest a sample copy at https://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW00012332054/sample\nKey players profiled in the report include cloud POS industry. The major companies operating in the Cloud POS market globally includes Square, Inc., Intuit, Inc., Oracle Corporation, Shopify, Inc., Toast, Inc., Vend Limited, AccuPOS, Inc., Clover Network, Inc., LightSpeed POS Inc., and Loyverse POS\nThe global cloud POS market was valued at US$ 4.95 Bn in 2018 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 21.6% during the forecast period 2019 2027, and reach US$ 27.82 Bn in 2027. Global cloud POS market is majorly driven by increasing adoption of cloud technology across the industries and the increasing need for improved operations in business. However, the rapidly changing nature of technology requiring consistent changes in POS hardware and software. Also, the proliferation of customized POS and surging 5G technology and mobile POS are expected to provide substantial growth opportunity to the key players in this market.\nNowadays vendors are integrating real time transactions with CRM solutions which result in increased sales and revenue of the business. Previous POS solutions were limited by offering basic data regarding customer behavior. POS/CRM integration makes it possible to see which customers are making the biggest impact on sales and whose loyalty is worth pursuing. For instance, Revel Systems integrated its solution with an iPad POS solution with CRM. It enables the business to collect all types of customer data from POS transaction such as name, email, billing and shipping address, loyalty program membership details, and others. The software then helps businesses organize this information and synchronize and distribute it to different departments marketing, sales, customer service, and technical support to improve customer experience and acquisition.\nAsk for Discount at https://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW00012332054/discount Table of Content", "URL": "http://prsync.com/reportsweb/cloud-pos-market--comprehensive-study--square-intuit-oracle-corporation-shopify-inc-toast-vend-accupos-clover-network-3114298/"}, {"Title": "Cloud POS Market Study by Top Industry Players as Square, Intuit, Oracle Corporation, Shopify, Toast, Vend, AccuPOS, Clover Network, LightSpeed POS", "Text": "About / FAQ Newsletter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Imprint Press release Cloud POS Market Study by Top Industry Players as Square, Intuit, Oracle Corporation, Shopify, Toast, Vend, AccuPOS, Clover Network, LightSpeed POS Press release from: The Insight Partners Global Cloud POS Market is majorly driven by increasing adoption of cloud technology across the industries and the increasing need for improved operations in business. However, the rapidly changing nature of technology requiring consistent changes in POS hardware and software. Also, the proliferation of customized POS and surging 5G technology and mobile POS are expected to provide substantial growth opportunity to the key players in this market.The global Cloud POS market valued at US$ 4.95 Bn in 2018 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 21.6% during the forecast period 2019 \u2013 2027, and reach US$ 27.82 Bn in 2027.Get Sample Copy of this Report @ bit.ly/2FkeVRl Increasing need for enhanced service delivery is expected to drive cloud POS market With the increasing customer centric solutions and services, the demand for cost efficient and value added services are increasing. Vendors are highly focused on the upgraded offering and also to minimize the operational costs. Cloud POS solution offers cost effective services for both business and customers. The features that are driving the cloud POS market are sales management, store operations, order & promotion management, purchase & re order, secured payments, customer loyalty programs, creating reports and analyzing data in real time.Top Key Vendors profiles in this Report includes, Square, Inc., Intuit, Inc., Oracle Corporation, Shopify, Inc., Toast, Inc., Vend Limited, AccuPOS, Inc., Clover Network, Inc., LightSpeed POS Inc., and Loyverse POS among others.Moreover, cloud deployment reduces the services cost and enhances service offerings. Vendors of cloud POS market are highly focused on offering advanced solutions and services to its customers and are significantly driving the global cloud POS market. Component Insights A cloud POS is a web based software as a service (SaaS) model utilizing enterprise cloud technology. Whereas services are the various support offered to the customers such as professional services and managed services. Over the years the demand for cloud based system is expected to achieve substantial growth rate. This is majorly because the Cloud POS offers enhanced flexibility, scalability, and security to its users.Get Reasonable Discount on this Report @ bit.ly/2F8SdeN The end user segment is classified as Retail & Consumer Goods, Travel & Hospitality, Media & Entertainment, Transportation & Logistics, Healthcare, and Others. Each and every end user industry has its specific needs and challenges. Some industries are highly focused on simplified operational activities, while others focus on customer satisfaction. Irrespective of the industry, two aspects remain constant, i.e. keeping operating costs under control as well as keeping the best operating condition of the assets.Global Cloud POS Market \u2013 By Component Solution", "URL": "https://www.openpr.com/news/1775061/Cloud-POS-Market-Study-by-Top-Industry-Players-as-Square-Intuit-Oracle-Corporation-Shopify-Toast-Vend-AccuPOS-Clover-Network-LightSpeed-POS.html"}, {"Title": "Industry Current Trends: Electronic Trial Master File (eTMF) Systems Market Globally Grow at a CAGR of 12.7% by Revenue During the Forecast Period", "Text": "Electronic Trial Master File (eTMF) Systems Market Globally Grow at a CAGR of 12.7% by Revenue During the Forecast Period ID: 598768\nElectronic Trial Master File (eTMF) Systems Market is projected to reach USD 1.8 billion by 2024 from USD 1.0 billion in 2019, at a CAGR of 12.7% Electronic Trial Master File (eTMF) Systems Market\n(firmenpresse) According to the new market research report \"Electronic Trial Master File (eTMF) Systems Market by Component (Services, Software), End User (Pharmaceutical & Biotechnology Companies, Contract Research Organizations), Delivery Mode (On Premise, Cloud Based), and Region Global Forecast to 2024\", published by MarketsandMarkets. Factors such as rising adoption of eTMF systems, rising number of clinical trials, partnerships between biopharma companies and CROs, rising funding to support clinical trials, and the growth in the R&D spending by pharma & biotech companies are driving the growth of the eTMF Systems Market.Download PDF Brochure: https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=94357456By delivery mode, cloud based eTMF to register the highest CAGR during the forecast periodBased on delivery mode, the eTMF Systems Market is segmented into on premise and cloud based eTMF. The cloud based eTMF segment is expected to register the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Growth in this segment can be attributed to the comparatively lower capital expenses & operational costs incurred in this model, alongside its scalability, flexibility, and affordability. Cloud based solutions help healthcare organizations share and integrate information from different locations, making the process of data gathering seamless. Moreover, these solutions are comparatively affordable to install and maintain as compared to on premise solutions, thus contributing to the high growth and popularity of the cloud based delivery model.Browse and in depth TOC on \"Electronic Trial Master File (eTMF) Systems Market\" 79 Tables27 Figures 124 PagesNorth America dominated the Electronic Trial Master File (eTMF) Systems Market in 2018; this trend to continue during the forecast periodGeographically, the eTMF Systems Market is divided into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Rest of the World (RoW). The North American market accounted for the largest share of the Electronic Trial Master File (eTMF) Systems Market in 2018, primarily due to the increasing government funding for clinical research and a large number of clinical trials. Several major global players are also based in the US, owing to which the country has become a center of innovation in the eTMF Systems Market\nRequest Research Sample Pages:https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsampleNew.asp?id=94357456Veeva Systems (US), Oracle Corporation (US), Phlexglobal Limited (UK), TransPerfect Global Inc. (US), Aurea Software (US), LabCorp (US), ePharmaSolutions (US), Wingspan Technology, Inc. (US), MasterControl (US), SureClinical, Inc. (US), Dell EMC (US), Paragon Solutions (US), PharmaVigilant (US), Mayo Clinic (US), Database Integrations, Inc. (US), CareLex (US), Ennov (France), Forte Research (US), Freyr (US), Montrium (US), NCGS Inc. (US), SAFE BioPharma (US), SterlingBio Inc. (US), BIOVIA Corp. (US), and arivis AG (Germany) are the key players in the Electronic Trial Master File (eTMF) Systems Market additional information:", "URL": "https://www.firmenpresse.de/pressrelease598768/industry-current-trends-electronic-trial-master-file-etmf-systems-market-globally-grow-at-a-cagr-of-12-7-by-revenue-during-the-forecast-period.html"}], "lastUpdated": "1/06/20"}]}]